About the job
Contract Type

Permanent

Work pattern

Full time, Part time

Position Location

Cambridge, United Kingdom; Croydon, United Kingdom; Reading, United Kingdom;

Job Description

Do you want to work for a company whose purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes, and to transform businesses, communities, and opportunities for it’s employees? Mott MacDonald is a global consultancy whose people do exactly that.

This role has been created to support and grow our Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) and Environmental Management capabilities in water sector projects across the UK. The water sector is at the core of Mott MacDonald’s heritage, and we have 100 years of experience behind us. We collaborate closely with most of the UK water and sewerage companies and are at the forefront of water resource planning and development across the sector. This position, and our industry-leading role in the current strategic water resource options means that we have numerous opportunities in front of us, both smaller schemes delivered under the Town and Country Planning Act, and significant infrastructure schemes delivered through Development Consent Orders (DCOs). Your role will be central to delivering this service.

You will be responsible for supporting the wider Environmental & Sustainability Services (ESS) team and leading on a range of predominantly water sector planning and consenting projects. Working with our sectoral and client account leaders to provide technical leadership and advice, you will also work alongside the full range of technical disciplines we offer on some of the largest infrastructure and development projects.

Responsibilities Will Include

Leading environmental and sustainability teams to deliver sustainability strategies, management plans, Environmental Impact Assessments and Sustainability Appraisals. You will lead EIA screening and scoping studies and manage the delivery of EIAs and final environmental reports.
You will have a key role in project delivery, working closely with our clients and leading our environmental assessment workstreams.
You will also assist with the analysis of potential impacts, working with the wider multidisciplinary team to develop sustainable designs and produce mitigation plans, as well as reviewing technical reports produced by others.
Engaging with a diverse range of clients and stakeholders at a Senior level, from both the public and private sector. This could be via public consultation events, stakeholder workshops, public inquiries or industry events.
Preparation of fee estimates, proposal writing and general business development activities and will have a key role in delivering our ESS services and growing the business.
People management including coaching and mentoring of junior team members in their technical and career development.

Candidate Specification

Candidate Qualifications, Skills And Experience To Include

Qualified in a related technical subject (Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree essential).
Qualified to Master’s degree level in a relevant subject (desirable).
Chartered with a professional institution (e.g. CIWEM, IEMA) or equivalent level and working towards chartership.
Significant experience in EIA and UK environmental and sustainability legislation and policy, DCO experience would be beneficial.
Experience working in diverse multi-disciplined teams and leading teams to produce environmental and sustainability deliverables to a high standard.
Experience working in client facing environment and ability to build relationships and influence stakeholders to deliver positive outcomes.
Well organised with strong planning and management skills, with ability to produce high quality deliverables and manage budgets and programmes.
Strong IT skills.
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal.
Ability to problem solve, think creatively, and seek continual improvement.

If you meet 80% or more of what we’re looking for, please still apply. We understand not everyone will meet all the requirements, but you might have skills we didn’t know we need.

Job Profile

The Environmental & Sustainability Services (ESS) team consists of over 130 environmental and sustainability professionals located across 18 offices spread throughout the UK. ESS are involved in a diverse range of projects across several different sectors, including but not limited to highways, rail, energy and water projects for a variety of clients including local authorities, the Environment Agency, water/energy companies and many more. ESS lead on the coordination and management of Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs) and various other environmental and sustainability deliverables at all stages of the environmental planning process, helping to coordinate inputs from different multidisciplinary environmental technical teams.

The ESS team undertake various forms of environmental assessments and sustainability appraisals, liaising with clients, engineers and design teams to identify potential environmental and social constraints, develop suitable mitigation measures, and determine ways in which environmental enhancement and sustainability can be built into project delivery. Digital innovation is also at the forefront of all work undertaken, with several team members skilled in the use of GIS and ESS fully embracing the use of emerging digital technologies.

Our team works with several key clients, supporting them with development of their Water Resource Management Plans (WRMP) and Strategic Resource Options commitments. We are passionate about providing our clients with sustainable solutions by constantly looking at challenges from a fresh angle, and are looking for like-minded, forward-thinking individuals to join our growing team in one of our main environment hubs around the UK. We are also at the forefront of developing best practice and pragmatic approaches to the delivery of environmental assessments and consents and have extensive capability in EIA, SEA and Sustainability Appraisals across the full project cycle.

We have an exciting opportunity for a Principal Environmental and Sustainability Consultant to join our growing Environmental Sustainability Services team within our Water and Environment business, to deliver and grow our water sector projects.

About The Business Unit

Environmental and social considerations are central to Mott MacDonald’s Purpose and its offerings across all sectors and territories. Our environment and social business provides essential services and innovative solutions which anticipate our clients' needs across all sectors.

How To Apply

To apply for this role, please complete our 15-minute application via our website. Our talent acquisition coordinators aim to provide feedback within 5 working days with the outcome of your application. More information about our application process can be found here . If you have any questions regarding your application or the role, please reach out to the dedicated recruiter listed who will be more than happy to help.

Mott MacDonald is Work180 accredited – which means we actively support and encourage women to join our work force!

Benefits We Offer

Pension matched up to 7%.
Life insurance.
An annual professional institution subscription.
Continuous development opportunities – because we want you to thrive.
Agile/flexible working – because life isn’t 9-5.
Enhanced parental leave; shared parental leave policies – for parents and care givers.
Annual company performance bonus scheme – Subject to company performance.
Flexible benefits that suit you, including cycle to work & interest free season ticket loans.
The opportunity to make a difference; learn more about our social outcomes .

Other Information

Equality, diversity and inclusion

We put equality, diversity and inclusion at the heart of our business, seeking to promote fair employment procedures and practices to ensure equal opportunities for all. We encourage individual expression in our workplace and are committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone feels they have the opportunity to contribute.


If you have a disability and would prefer to apply in a different format or would like us to make reasonable adjustments to enable you to apply or attend an interview, please contact us at reasonable.adjustments@mottmac.com and we will talk to you about how we can assist.


Agile working

At Mott MacDonald, we believe it makes business sense for you and your manager to choose how you can work most effectively to meet your client, team and personal commitments. We embrace agility, flexibility and trust.


More About Mott MacDonald

We’re a global engineering, management and development consultancy.

Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients’ businesses, our communities and employee opportunities.

A fundamental part of this is respecting each person’s differences and striving to meet their needs.

Our values: progress, respect, integrity, drive, excellence

Job Ref

61633BR

Recruiter Contact

Steven Johnston

Country

United Kingdom

Region/State

England - Inner London, England - Outer London, England - South East, England - South West

Discipline

Environment

Sector

Water

Website Region

Europe and Central Asia

Website Sector

Environment
About the job
We are WSP - Join us and make your career future ready!

In today’s world it’s important to work for a company that has clear purpose, giving back to communities and supporting what is truly important in the world.

When considering a career move its vital to work for a business that is aligned to your values and goals, a place where you can belong. See what WSP stands for in 2023 and beyond…

If you are a consultant looking to make the next step in your career with experience in developing energy efficiency and decarbonisation strategies in the built environment, then we have a fantastic opportunity in one of the leading teams in the sector.

This role will entail working on high profile decarbonisation projects, net zero strategies and decarbonisation work requiring both strategic and technical skills. You should be an effective project manager able to direct resources where needed as well as undertaking some business development activities.

We are looking for someone proactive, not a box-ticker. Every day will be a new challenge and you will be routinely asked to develop new methodologies and liaise with wider teams such as Mechanical and Electrical, Industry, Transport, Utilities, Renewables or our Economics teams.
To find out more about our Earth and Environment business click on the following link: https://www.wsp.com/en-GB/hubs/environment

Your new role, what's involved?

Developing decarbonisation strategies, scenarios and pathways for clients
Contributing to feasibility studies related to energy efficiency, low carbon HVAC, low-carbon heat and on-site renewables
Engaging with and presenting to national and international clients and partners throughout project development and delivery
Undertaking site surveys, energy and net zero audits of commercial, retail, or industrial buildings
Modelling energy profiles to assess performance, as well as for low carbon and renewable technologies (e.g. PV, heat pumps, etc) including financial / economic assessments and practical advice on implementation.

YOUR TEAM

In the Sustainable Buildings Team you will be part of Sustainable Places, supported by colleagues who work in the wider team. Our Team is part of the Sustainability and Climate Change pillar containing colleagues from a wide range of disciplines.

You will get the chance to work on critical decarbonisation projects for clients such as the NHS and GLA as well with major asset managers, investors and government departments. Your work will be critical to advising and helping clients realise their trajectories to net zero as well as being able to take part in projects from the wider team on new build developments and low carbon refurbishments.

We'd Love To Hear From You If You Have

Technical knowledge of renewable energy and low-carbon technologies for the generation of electricity and heat
Technical knowledge of building services
Degree qualified in a technical discipline
Chartered Engineer/ Chartered Energy Manager or progressing to chartership desirable
Experience of global commercial organisations, industrial, healthcare and the public sector

What's in it for you?

Work-life balance?

WSP recognises that work is only one part of your life and making time for other things is important – whether that’s for your families, friends, or yourself.

Our hybrid working policy allows the flexibility to work from the comfort of your own home as well as collaborating in our contemporary offices across the UK.

Inclusivity & Diversity?

We want our people to achieve rewarding careers, bringing their whole selves to work. We celebrate integrity and treat people with respect, supporting each other and embracing diversity to create a culture of inclusion and belonging at WSP.

Our employee resource groups VIBE (LGBTQ+ employees), CREED (Championing Racial Equality and Ethnic Diversity) and our Gender Balance Group, in tandem with WSP’s Neurodiverse Community Group, WSP Connect Group (visible and non-visible disabilities) help us promote the right environment for you to reach your full potential.

Health & Wellbeing?

We are committed to supporting our people, giving you the tools to make improvements to your health and wellbeing through our Thrive programme.

Med24 gives you and your family unrestricted telephone access to an NHS doctor where you can call day or night or have a face-to-face video consultation.

Flex your time?

For improved work life balance, WSP offers the “WSP Hour” which enables you to take one hour per day to do as you wish and make up the time earlier or later that day. We also offer part time and flexible working arrangements plus the option to flex your bank holiday entitlement to suit you.

Your development?

We appreciate that development and training is important to you and that’s why we have a supportive environment that invests in your development, whether that’s chartership, training or mentoring.

Apply now and be the future of WSP

#WeAreWSP

Here at WSP we positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, pregnancy or maternity/paternity. As a Disability Confident leader, we will interview all disabled applicants who meet the essential criteria, please let us know if you require any workplace adjustments in support of your application.
Please note WSP reserves the right to close the vacancy before the advertised closing date.
About the job
Transitioning to a low-carbon energy system to meet the 2050 net zero target is one of the most complex and important challenges society has ever faced and the introduction of innovative services and products will play a crucial part in that transition.

The Energy Systems Catapult core focus is twofold, firstly to help a broad range of innovative companies bring products and services to market and secondly to understand what needs to happen to ensure that the future energy system within the UK is secure, clean, and affordable.
The Markets, Policy & Regulatory (MPR team) translates existing policy and regulations and makes sense of the opportunities and barriers to introducing new services and products, but likewise from our insights we put the case back up to government for policy and regulatory reform.

As the demand for our expertise and services to continues to grow, we have decided to expand our MPR capability and as such have some exciting opportunities available, from Analyst all the way through to Practice Manager level.

The Catapult is a place where you can do the best and most impactful work of your career and you will be exposed to a broad variety of exciting projects that is unlikely to be bettered elsewhere, from how we go about decarbonising 26 million homes, how we decarbonise both complex sites and industrial areas and the role of local areas in decarbonisation, there is also the small question of how the whole transformed system will work together!.

You.

In terms of the Practice Manager level opportunity, you will be able demonstrate a successful track record of leading the delivery of a range of heat decarbonisation and local energy projects, perhaps in a consultancy, government, industrial or academic department.

As the Catapult’s Heat and Local Energy policy expert you will not only be comfortable and effective working collaboratively with your colleagues but also engaging externally with a variety of industry stakeholders, in fact you may have already built up an influential network who you can engage with on relevant subject matter.

You will have the freedom to decide what Heat and Local Energy policy areas to focus on, and you would lead on the delivery of these projects from conception through to final deliverables. With that in mind you will use your first class analytical, report writing and presentation skills to ensure that the intended recipients can be engaged effectively and easily get to grips with the content generated.

It will be great if you already have leadership/line management experience, as this opportunity will head up a small team of one to two, however this is not a prerequisite if you have the attributes and the ambition to do so.

In terms of the early to mid-career opportunities, we expect you will be already able to demonstrate proven and relevant experience in the energy sector, or perhaps another regulated industry. This will be complemented by strong quantitative analytical capabilities and report writing and presentation skills that allow you to understand, interpret, and effectively communicate policy and regulatory outputs and their wider implications. You will be working with a wide range of stakeholders, mainly on collaborative projects so you will also be capable of quickly developing effective working relationships.

Next Step
So, if you would like to make a real difference, love a challenge, excited by the opportunity to do really impactful policy and regulatory work & finally like the idea of working with a diverse group of people who are passionate about the decarbonisation challenge, you best apply.
About the job
Estimator, Energy Global Business Unit

Bechtel operates through four global business units that specialize in infrastructure; mining and metals; nuclear, security and environmental; and energy

Bechtel is seeking a Senior Legal Counsel to join the Energy Global Business Unit. Hybrid working is offered, 1-2 days remote working / 2-3 days in office ( Park Royal, London).
When joining Bechtel, you will have the opportunity to work on a variety of Energy Transition, Decarbonisation, eFuel, Hydrogen Value Chain, Waste-to-Energy, LNG and Petrochemical projects from studies to FEEDs and EPC's.
We can offer:
· Flexible Working
· Private Medical Coverage
· Life Insurance Program
· Pension Scheme
· Employee Assistance Program
· Long Term Disability Scheme
Position Summary:
The Estimating team for the Energy GBU is the organization that prepares, presents, and reviews overall project and/or discipline specific estimates:
We are responsible to support all aspects of developing project estimates, ranging from initial conceptual estimates (AACE Class 5), detailed EPC/EPCM LSTK/cost-re proposals, to detailed forecasts for projects in execution.
Conducts cost, schedule, and risk analysis and a full range of estimate planning, coordination, and consolidation. They are required to present estimates to senior Estimating managers, project leadership teams, and senior executives.
Our work includes development of LNG, downstream and chemical projects, water treatment and transport, storage tanks, and energy transitions projects (e.g. hydrogen, carbon capture) that are located around the world.
Key responsibilities:
· Support the development of escalation forecasts.
· collaborate with team members to achieve required outcomes and goals as applicable.
· Support the development and maintenance of proposal benchmarks and metrics.
· Support to identify risks and participating in mitigation planning.
· Ability to collect, reconcile, and verify data for summary comparisons.
· Supports development of review packages, including analysis, to estimate team, department management and business line management.
· Occasional travel as required.
Skills and Qualifications:
· Bachelor’s degree in engineering, construction, or business.
· Experience in estimating, planning, cost engineering, engineering, or construction on engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) projects in the Energy industry or other heavy industrial work.
· Past support to both lump sum and cost reimbursable proposal estimates or execution.
· Demonstrates inclusive collaboration and teamwork as an associate estimator. Values diverse perspectives from teammates.
· Ability to support and take guidance from project estimators or estimating managers for the development of estimates from inception to completion.
Desirable Skills and Qualifications:
· Experience of consolidating estimate components and preparing the proposal cost volume and client bid forms or other relevant experience consolidating and formalizing data.
· Ability to ensure estimate quality and integrity, including quality data checks.
· Basic understanding of bid evaluations of cost and schedule criteria. (you may be required to participate in discussions with procurement team members).
Software experience:
The successful candidate will have experience using standard software applications such as Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access, and PowerBI to assess estimating and project performance data.
About the job
The energy system continues to change rapidly and fundamentally on the path to Net Zero by 2050. National Grid are at the very heart of these changes, which pose strategic questions for us as a business, and for the wider Energy sector. Group Strategy leads on answering high-level strategic questions for National Grid and working with external stakeholders to collectively answer the broader questions for the whole industry.


As Energy Analyst you’ll be part of a hugely talented, friendly & supportive team that navigate future pathways for the strategy function by quantifying risks and opportunities for National Grid.


We combine the latest market intelligence, deep energy market domain expertise and sophisticated modelling tools to provide insights that matter right across the business. We provide a trusted view on energy markets outlook and share insights that help the business to make informed commercial and strategic decisions.


This role has a global footprint as we decarbonise the energy system - investing £billions into developing critical infrastructure and clean energy, with huge project pipelines such as offshore wind farms in the US, and many interconnectors with the EU. We can offer huge potential for personal growth and development, as well as ongoing training and career progression.


Key Accountabilities:


As Energy Analyst you will be part of a close-knit team of 14 experts who:

Analyse market, historical, and fundamental data to draw inferences and present results in a clear and understandable format to management and key stakeholders

Develop data dashboards and employ sophisticated analytics, machine learning, and/or statistical methods to bring data to life

Modelling of the European power markets to support key commercial projects for NGV and other NG businesses covering mainly UK projects, investment decisions, business planning, strategic planning, and new business opportunities

Support Group Strategy, M&A, Business Development, Corporate Affairs, Commercial Operations with ad hoc market analysis, modelling and assessments of market impacts

Develop and improve Market Fundamentals in-house market models, ensuring they are fit for purpose. Articulate and explain market model inputs/outputs to internal and external stakeholders

Develop structured, documented, version-controlled tools that improve the efficiency and value of the team for the business.

Contribute to the development and maintenance of European Power Market Scenarios by providing the modelling tools and insightful analysis on supply-demand balance

Use your analytical and technical skills to become a thought-leader on modelling the big questions and challenges facing the energy industry.


About You:

Experience developing & employing market models. Previous experience with commercial production cost modelling software, such as: PLEXOS, Aurora, BID3, etc. is a huge advantage.

Fluency in Excel modelling, Python, Machine learning tools and techniques, VBA/ or other programming skills.

Familiarity with Power BI or other data visualization / dashboard development packages.

Knowledge of GB and EU electricity industry structures and interest in power/ gas market developments and recent trends.

Ability to translate model outputs into business insight and articulate impact on investment cases.


What We Can Offer You:


Up to £60,000 salary, dependant on experience

Plus:

Annual Performance Bonus (10%)
28 days annual leave, plus 8 statutory days.
The option to buy additional or sell holiday days annually.
Generous contributory pension scheme - we double-match your contribution to a maximum company contribution of 12%. Overall 18%. (For every £1 you put in, we put in £2).
Life Assurance at 10x your base salary.
Financial support to help cover the cost of professional membership subscriptions, course fees, books, exam fees and time off for study leave – relevant to your role.
Access to benefits such as a share incentive plan, salary sacrifice car and technology schemes, support via employee assistance lines and matched charity giving to name a few.
Family care benefits including a back-up care service for when your usual care arrangements fall through (six paid days each year as standard with the option to purchase further days).
Access to apps which support health, fitness and wellbeing.


This role offers flexible hybrid working, working between both our offices at The Strand, London (1-3 days pw) and the rest from home. We can also offer some flexibility in hours if required – our standard working week is 37 hours.


We can offer UK sponsorship (Tier 2 skilled worker visa) for the right person – if you have Plexos experience in power or gas markets, or market fundamentals, with Excel modelling and Python, we want to hear from you!


Further Information:

Advert Close: 8/2/23

Interviews: w/c 13th or 20th February 2023 onwards

For more information please reach out to our Talent Acquisition Partner directly: Philippa.templeton@nationalgrid.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/ptempleton/

At National Grid, we work towards the highest standards in everything we do, including how we support, value and develop our people. Our aim is to encourage and support employees to thrive and be the best they can be. We celebrate the difference people can bring into our organisation, and welcome and encourage applicants with diverse experiences and backgrounds, and offer flexible and tailored support, at home and in the office.
About the job
Introduction
Sirio, a boutique consulting firm, is looking for a driven and resourceful energy consultant to join its rapidly growing team. The consultant will work alongside members of the team to support high-profile clients in the energy, utilities and public sectors. The consultant will also play a key role in the growth of Sirio, from developing internal processes, producing intellectual property and supporting business development activities.

This position offers a unique opportunity for an entrepreneurial individual to grow alongside the company and enjoy opportunities and responsibility early on.

The successful applicant will work remotely as a norm – limited travel to a central London location or to the clients’ premises in various locations across the UK will be required on occasion.

The consultant will enjoy a close-knit and friendly environment, a growth-focused and supportive culture, a healthy work-life balance and flexibility in working locations.

The salary for this position is £30,000. In addition to the salary, the consultant will enjoy a performance-based bonus/stock option plan and generous benefits (pension, health care).

Find out more about working at Sirio on https://sirio-strategies.com/careers

Company Description
Sirio is a specialist consulting firm operating at the intersection of consumers, regulation and utilities. We advise utility and infrastructure companies in developing customer-centred business strategies, investment plans and analytical tools. Our mission is to bring about an effective and just transition to a Net Zero emission world, making it work for both investors and society as a whole. We specialise in:
Stakeholder-driven decision making (business strategy and implementation).
Consumer vulnerability (operational strategy and implementation).
Economic evaluation and social value measurement (cost-benefit analyses and investment planning).
Please find out more about our ethos and work on https://sirio-strategies.com/

Job Description
As an analyst, you will:
Deliver project work under guidance from experienced team members. This will include online research, data analysis, project planning, and preparation of client deliverables such as Word documents and PowerPoint presentations. Exposure and collaboration with clients will occur.
Undergo training sessions with experienced consultants and make use of self-training resources, made available on an ad-hoc basis to develop your skills and capabilities.
Contribute to the commercial activity of the firm: for example, supporting business proposals and other client material development, performing market research to support proposal development.
Contribute to the development of intellectual property by supporting the publication of articles.

Additional Information
Apply by following the instructions on our careers page ('Availabilities' section): https://sirio-strategies.com/careers/#availabilities
You will be asked to upload your CV and Cover Letter to the platform. The Cover Letter is not mandatory, but would add strength to your application. You will need to answer the following two questions in 500 words or less:
Why do you want to join Sirio?
Why do you believe you would be a good fit?

Application deadline 24/02/2023.
Interviews throughout March on a rolling basis.
Start date of August - October 2023, following degree completion.
Technology and work-from-home equipment will be provided by the firm.
About the job
You'll be joining the 6th largest IT Service Provider, present in more than 80 countries. From our roots in Japan, NTT DATA's mission is to facilitate business change and technology transformation across many industries for a better future for our business, people and community. Some of the projects we have supported include the digitising of The Open golf tournament and applying Formula 1 technology to support medical staff at University Hospitals Leicester.

Everything we do is underpinned by our core values of 'Clients First', 'Teamwork' and 'Foresight' and we achieve these by putting people first.

We support and celebrate our differences and preferences, these are what makes us unique. Some of our initiatives, collectively known as “DO Diversity”, aim to create a space for us to learn and get involved in building a truly diverse environment. Our Culture & Ethnicity Network gives our colleagues a platform to share their various backgrounds; Our NINGEN programme allows the new generation of NTT DATA employees around the world to connect and shape the future of our organisation and the “City Gives Back” allows us to support our local community that has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic...and much more!

We understand you may not tick all the boxes of the requirements list, but if you are interested in this or any other opportunities within NTT DATA, do not think twice and apply!

As part of our continuous growth, we are looking for a Senior Manager for Energy Data Solutions to join our Energy team in the UK.

Service Line Management
Being a central role in developing the Gas and Power Data Offering and ensuring business success. We are seeking an innovative team player who possesses a deep understanding of how data is and will impact the energy industry and a desire to develop a value offering to introduce to our clients.

Some of your responsibilities/activities will be
Conduct ongoing customer and non-customer research in order to thoroughly understand their unmet needs and anticipate their demands
Leverage customer insights and industry trends to develop and steer offering
Maintain awareness of the changing competitive landscape, and provide input into our strategies and tactics to address competitive risks and maximize product advantages
Support the documentation of service offering for both internal and external consumption
Create and develop the strategy, including offering development, resources hiring, sales support
Identifying and developing new business opportunities aligned with NTT Data’s capabilities and value proposition.
Leverage customer insights, internal stakeholder expertise, and sales feedback to help guide product decisions and prioritize market requirements
Business development
Supporting basic and complex proposal/bidding processes
Creating business opportunities with new clients
Learn, understand and stay abreast of our business. Develop strong working relationships with sales, marketing, customer success, legal, finance, etc.
Executes goals and strategies within sales area
Management of Sector Knowledge
Understand the current trends in the market and use this to develop creative thinking contributions from all involved to produce compelling proposals and contribute to our team’s growth.
Creating and developing client references
Actively contributing to sectors blogs
Project/Service Delivery
Overseeing delivery to ensure high levels of client satisfaction
Leadership & People Management
You will be key to ensure our teams can have the career they want by
Developing career paths for direct reports
Setting goals and target for direct reports
Support the development of direct reports#

What you’ll need:
Must have extensive knowledge of the energy industry in UKI with focus on data.
Large network within the energy industry in UKI
Have excellent commercial and financial awareness and business acumen.
Have the ability to manage team’s talent in the most efficient manner keeping in mind the corporate values. Be able to get the best of the capabilities of the people you work with, driving them beyond what the project or service requires.
Demonstrate great interpersonal skills and experience of developing effective, long-lasting relationships.
Ability to work independently and on your own initiative.
Ability and flexibility to adjust to a fast-changing and demanding environment.
Ability to communicate with all levels of Staff.
About the job
Role: Graduate/Analyst Energy & Carbon Management Consultant
Location: Flexible but preferred Harwell, Manchester, London, Bristol, Glasgow
Salary range: £21,000 - £31,000
Role ID: 2022-1688

Our vision is to create a safe and sustainable world
Ricardo plc is a global strategic, environmental, and engineering consulting company, listed on the London Stock Exchange. With over 100 years of engineering excellence and employing close to 3,000 employees in more than 20 countries, we provide exceptional levels of expertise in delivering leading-edge and innovative cross-sector sustainable products and solutions. Every day, we enable our customers to solve the most complex and dynamic challenges to help achieve a safe and sustainable world.

Energy & Environment, one of Ricardo plc's five operating business units, is a leader in sustainability consultancy, solving complex environmental challenges through industry-leading analysis, advice and data. With more than 40 years of heritage in addressing air quality, environmental and sustainability issues, our customers value us for our deep understanding and breadth of services covering the entire value chain from evidence, policy & strategy to implementation.

We are currently looking for an Analyst Energy & Carbon Management Consultant to join our Sustainability team.

Purpose
Our sustainability team's focus is support of net zero and low carbon agendas alongside wider sustainability support services. The team is made up of approximately 70 people covering a range of disciplines at the 'strategy' and 'implementation' end of the client value chain. We run a number of very prominent Government funded programmes alongside delivering a wide range of public and private sector work. This includes net zero strategies, energy auditing and energy management and carbon reporting and compliance.

From day one you'll be part of a team supporting more senior consultants in delivering projects to clients. As an Analyst Consultant, you will produce research and analysis that underpins our consultancy work. You will manage your time across several projects, contributing in all phases - from supporting the preparation of proposals to win new contracts, through researching and analysing information and data, to contributing to reports that are delivered to clients. You will be responsible for the quality and delivery of your work, and liaise with other consultants to incorporate your contribution into wider project outputs.

We expect our Analyst Consultants to enjoy solving complex problems and to have, or be keen to develop, technical expertise in one of our fields, and will encourage this through project involvement and a graduate training programme.

Key competencies and experience
A Bachelors (2.1 or above) or Masters, in engineering, sustainability or physical science.
Understanding of key sustainability and climate change policies and issues.
Able to conduct appropriately referenced research with minimal guidance, and arrive at well-reasoned conclusions from its analysis.
Ability to interpret complex issues and data, and identify solutions quickly.
Ability to write clear, concise and accurate technical reports.
Be able to work independently and demonstrate initiative, as well as operate effectively as part of a team.
Relevant experience in the sustainability sector including work experiences, final projects or wider interests.

Skills and behaviours
Strong numeracy skills and an interest in data analysis.
Excellent IT skills especially in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Effective communication skills, both written and oral and basic presentation skills.
Excellent organisational and time management skills.
Self-reliant and proactive with good problem-solving skills.
High attention to detail and accuracy in all work.

If you feel you demonstrate these capabilities, possess excellent communication skills, are driven and proactive then we would welcome your application.

Working here
Ricardo is an exciting and rewarding place to work and you have the opportunity to make a difference. You will work with teams of talented, dedicated, and supportive individuals. Alongside having a fantastic opportunity to develop your career with us through our broad range of projects, mentoring opportunities and a personalised approach to your learning and development. We are always keen to hear from people who have driven, ambition and a flair for innovative thinking.

Wellbeing and work life balance
We offer flexible approaches to work, whether that's working from home, being in the office, or as a hybrid worker. We're happy to discuss flexible working arrangements. Wellbeing is at the core to our culture, allowing employees to flourish and to achieve their full potential. Our People are important to us, and we take pride in our wellbeing programmes and policies that support individuals including flexible working, carers policy, mental health first aiders and readily available support through our extensive Employee Assistance programme.

Diversity, Equality and Inclusion statement
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, we believe in each person's potential, and we'll help you reach yours. We have an ambitious diversity, equality, and inclusion approach as explained here. We value diversity; recognising that a more diverse workforce creates a richer and more varied working environment. Diversity also drives innovation, by allowing us to offer our clients the best consultancy service that we can. As part of our commitment to engage positively and pro-actively with all our employees to ensure an inclusive culture, we are a recognised as a 'disability confident' employer.

Benefits
Our core benefits include 25 days' annual leave, plus 8 flexible bank holidays, a competitive company pension scheme, life assurance and professional subscriptions reimbursement. We also offer a wide range of flexible benefits to suit your lifestyle.

Once you have submitted your application a member of our Recruitment Team will be in touch. Please be aware that the timing can vary dependent on the volume of applications that we receive for each role and in some cases, we may start to review applications prior to the closing date.
About the job
Contract Type

Permanent

Work pattern

Full time

Position Location

Hinckley, United Kingdom; Croydon, United Kingdom

Job Description

The Energy unit is looking for a Senior Consultant to work within our oil & gas advisory team. Reporting to the team leader this role sits within our Gas and Liquids advisory business line which is part of our Energy Unit and will be responsible primarily for managing project delivery, using previous technical experience as well as providing input to proposals.

Key Activities Will Include

Managing the delivery of one or several projects, ensuring adherence to Mott MacDonald's quality assurance system
Leading interface with clients and internal workstreams
Managing risk and mitigation
Preparation of reports and deliverables
Providing input including in-depth research, analysis, evaluations and assessments, preparation of studies
Involvement in proposals and supporting submissions for new opportunities
Collaboration with colleagues across the wider Mott MacDonald Group and with third parties

Candidate Specification

The Ideal Candidate Would Have

Degree-qualified in an Engineering discipline, in particular Mechanical or Chemical Engineering
Able to develop excellent client relationships through project delivery and build further business
Experience of delivering technical planning and feasibility studies and due diligence for owners and lenders
Relevant past experience in the oil, gas and petroleum industry with demonstrable interest in energy and gas transition driving decarbonisation
Demonstrated capability in some of the following technologies:
Gas related technologies (FSRU, LNG, LPG, CNG, Hydrogen, Ammonia) and infrastructure (onshore/offshore)
Gas transportation and storage systems and distribution
Liquids product storage terminals,
Sustainable fuels
Self-motivated and diligent, with an ability to work to tight deadlines, on simultaneous assignments
Attentive to detail, an active listener, with a strong aptitude for the wider picture
Excellent written and verbal communication (English)
Prepared to travel, sometimes at short notice, as required by projects and/or new business opportunities

It will also be beneficial for the applicant to have:

An Engineering or Finance related Masters degree
Chartership or working towards it
Ability to speak Spanish or French advantageous

Job Profile

One of the largest employee-owned companies in the world, Mott MacDonald is a multisector consultancy providing engineering, management, and development services on projects in 150 countries. With over 16,000 of the best people working on a diverse range of challenges, we’re helping our clients deliver sustainable infrastructure and development solutions. Together, we are opening opportunities with connected thinking.

Benefits

We can offer:

Pension matched up to 7%
Competitive annual leave and the option to purchase additional annual leave
An annual professional institution subscription
Life insurance
Enhanced parental leave
Annual company performance bonus scheme – Subject to company performance
Flexible benefits scheme to suit you, including cycle to work & Interest free season ticket loans etc.

Other Information

Equality, diversity and inclusion

We put equality, diversity and inclusion at the heart of our business, seeking to promote fair employment procedures and practices to ensure equal opportunities for all. We encourage individual expression in our workplace and are committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone feels they have the opportunity to contribute.

If you have a disability and would prefer to apply in a different format or would like us to make reasonable adjustments to enable you to apply or attend an interview, please contact us at reasonable.adjustments@mottmac.com and we will talk to you about how we can assist.

Agile working

At Mott MacDonald, we believe it makes business sense for you and your manager to choose how you can work most effectively to meet your client, team and personal commitments. We embrace agility, flexibility and trust.

More About Mott MacDonald

We’re a global engineering, management and development consultancy.

Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients’ businesses, our communities and employee opportunities.

A fundamental part of this is respecting each person’s differences and striving to meet their needs.

Our values: progress, respect, integrity, drive, excellence

Job Ref

61629BR

Recruiter Contact

Abhijeet Barpanda

Country

United Kingdom

Region/State

England - Midlands, England - North East, England - Outer London

Discipline

Energy

Sector

Energy

Website Region

Europe and Central Asia

Website Sector

Energy
About the job
About the role

Balfour Beatty has an exciting opportunity for an Energy Manager to join our talented and friendly Asset & Technology Solutions team. This role will see you supporting the implementation of Balfour Beatty's Building New Future's strategy with a specific focus on reducing energy consumption and carbon emissions. You will also provide advice and policy support to strategic business units on energy and sustainability.

**This is a flexible role, which will include working from one of our offices, travelling to various sites and some remote working. A company car will be provided**

What you'll be doing

Implement an ISO 50001 energy management system for Balfour Beatty Asset & Technology Solutions and support the wider business in implementing their own energy management systems.
Work with the supply chain to develop innovative solutions to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions.
Drive energy savings through energy audits of project sites, buildings, plant and fleet.
Play and integral role in ESOS compliance via on site audits, data analysis and developing evidence pack.
Identify relevant technologies and solutions to reduce Balfour Beatty's operational energy efficiency carbon footprint and that of our clients.
Producing reports and developing business cases for energy conservation measures and working with operating teams to implement the improvements.
Supporting procurement and property teams in the procurement of energy.
Support the rollout of energy strategies, policies and standards into the UK business management system, and update them to reflect changes in legislation.
Proactively manage customer relationships during project delivery, aid decision making and effectively manage expectations.
Leading on the Zero Harm initiatives and drive continuous improvement across SHEQ.
Develop case studies that reflect Balfour Beatty innovation and expertise to support business development and to enhance the external reputation of Balfour Beatty.

Who we're looking for

Experience of implementing ISO 50001.
Experience in managing ESOS compliance.
CIBSE accredited low carbon energy assessor or low carbon consultant, or chartered energy manager equivalent
Strong understanding of UK environmental legislation and experience of working with regulators such as the Environment Agency, BEIS and DEFRA.
Proven track record of undertaking energy audits and experience of managing high value projects.
Excellent relationship management skills and a strong ability to influence others, including an ability to work across conflicting interest groups.
Commercial awareness with knowledge of both budgetary and financial control.
Full UK driving license.
Experience in construction/infrastructure environment (desirable).
Further Education in an Engineering Discipline (desirable)
ESOS Lead assessor or ISO50001 Lead auditor (desirable)

Why work for us

Our people are our biggest asset, and we focus on recruiting, training and developing the people who can apply innovation to deliver the infrastructure of the future. We nurture these talents, offer a great benefits package in addition to a competitive base salary and continually invest in developing the skills of our people at every level.

About us

Our work inspires communities and advances society. Our commitment to sustainability looks even further. We are a leading infrastructure company working to deliver key low carbon projects such as public transport networks, renewable energy grid connections and nuclear power stations. Low carbon infrastructure is a key growth area for our business. The UK has a strong pipeline of low carbon infrastructure requirements to meet the Government's Net Zero Strategy, which has mobilised significant capital investment for low carbon wind power, energy efficient buildings, carbon capture and new nuclear capability. This is an excellent opportunity for you to join Balfour Beatty and be part of our meaningful work.

Diversity & Inclusion: At Balfour Beatty we are committed to creating a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture where everyone can be themselves and reach their full potential, not only because this is the right thing to do, but because it makes us a better business. To ensure we deliver on this commitment, we have a UK Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan which sets out the wide range of targeted, proactive, measurable steps we are taking to make this a reality. You can read our UK Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan in full at www.balfourbeatty.com/value_everyone
To help and support us with our desired commitment to create an inclusive culture we are members of WISE, enei, Business Disability Forum and Women into Construction. In 2020, we signed the Audeliss and Involve Open Letter to demonstrate our commitment to taking key long term and sustainable actions on Black Inclusion. Balfour Beatty is also a Gold Award holder in the Ministry of Defence 'Employer Recognition Scheme' and actively encourage applications from Armed Forces personnel, veterans and reservists.
As a Disability Confident Employer, we are committed to working with people who have disabilities and long-term health conditions to remove barriers for them in obtaining employment. We are also committed to offering applicants with a disability an interview if they meet the minimum requirements for the role.
Further information on Disability Confident can be found at: https://disabilityconfident.campaign.gov.uk/
About the job
Research and Engagement Manager
Lantra House, Stoneleigh Abbey, Kenilworth, Coventry (with hybrid working)

The Company

Lantra is a leading awarding body for land-based industries in both the UK and the Republic of Ireland. We develop quality training courses and nationally recognised qualifications that are delivered through a national network of training Provider Partners.

Working with a range of partners to promote opportunities within the sector to an increasingly diverse audience, our training and qualifications are delivered to more than 116,000 learners each year across the UK. We work with businesses and other stakeholders to create innovative solutions to skills challenges.

We are currently looking for a Research and Engagement Manager to join our team at Lantra House on a permanent, full-time basis with the option to work from home 2-3 days per week. We also offer flexible working options.

The Benefits

- Salary of £40,000 per annum
- 25 days’ annual leave which increases with length of service
- Defined contributory pension scheme or pension auto-enrolment scheme
- Employee assistant scheme (health assured)
- Perk box – access to over 200 exclusive perks and discounts
- Medical cash plans
- Enhanced maternity and adoption pay
- Rewards for length of service
- Health & wellbeing events and initiatives
- Fee voluntary day
- Employee rewards
- Free parking
- Free drinks

We have a fantastic opportunity for a knowledgeable researcher with experience of stakeholder engagement to join our sector leading organisation.

This is a truly unmissable opportunity to increase your professional portfolio of work and have your research promoted and distributed by the leading provider of agricultural training in the UK and Ireland.

As a leader in our sector, we understand the importance of continued professional development and we will provide you with all of the support you need to enhance your skill set.

The Role

As a Research and Engagement Manager, you will produce a wide range of research, intelligence and analysis to drive the evidence based function of our organisation.

Using both qualitative and quantitative research methods, you will deliver empirical reports to drive decision-making and inform our organisational priorities.

You will increase engagement with our organisation by communicating your research in a way that captivates audiences, provides insight and promotes our overall work.

Additionally, you will:

- Support the development of research in our organisation
- Promote and explain your findings
- Support our marketing and social media activities

About You

To be considered as a Research and Engagement Manager, you will need:

- Experience of conducting primary and secondary research
- Extensive experience analysing data to produce reports
- A track record of successful stakeholder engagement and/or partnership working
- Knowledge of research methodology and the analysis of data
- A good understanding of GDPR and data protection compliance
- Knowledge of the role of research in engaging stakeholders and developing policy
- A full, valid driving licence

Ideally, you will have experience of writing compelling research proposals to secure funding, as well as experience of working with a range of media channels, including social media.

Knowledge of the land-based, environmental and agricultural sectors would be highly beneficial, as would an understanding of the UK skills system for these sectors, including vocational, technical qualifications and apprenticeships.

Please note, due to the location of our offices, access to your own vehicle is essential.

Other organisations might call this role Research Officer, Stakeholder Engagement Officer, Engagement Officer, Strategic Engagement Officer, Researcher, Research Associate, Qualitative Researcher, Quantitative Researcher, or Mixed Methodology Researcher.

Webrecruit and Lantra are equal opportunities employers, value diversity and are strongly committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all employees and all applicants for employment. Equal opportunities are the only acceptable way to conduct business and we believe that the more inclusive our environments are, the better our work will be.

So, if you can craft engaging narratives from data as a Research and Engagement Manager, please apply via the button shown. This vacancy is being advertised by Webrecruit. The services advertised by Webrecruit are those of an Employment Agency.
About the job
Job description:

Lightsource bp specializes in the financing, development and management of solar energy projects. We are a 50:50 joint venture with bp with a mission to help drive the world’s transition to low carbon energy. With solar set to increase tenfold in the next 20 years, we are well-positioned to capitalize on this growth. By being part of the Lightsource bp team, you will ‘be the change’ on the world’s transition to a more sustainable future.



Whilst we have been established for 10 years, we pride ourselves of our entrepreneurial spirit as we continue to push the boundaries of an ever-changing energy landscape. By joining our team, you can expect a challenging and fulfilling role surrounded by people who are passionate and have brilliant ideas about sustainable technology, innovation and making the world a better place.



The Strategy function plays a critical role in shaping and supporting delivery of Lightsource bp’s ambitious growth strategy. As a Strategy Analyst, you will work with the broader Finance and Strategy team to progress the Group Strategy and Planning agenda, in parallel with playing varied roles across a range of high-impact projects. You will have an opportunity to gain valuable insight into management and decision making in a high-growth renewable business, alongside significant exposure to senior management and bp stakeholders.



This role is primarily focused on the quantitative analysis needed to support investment decisions, and commercial decision-making at LSbp. This requires a basic understanding of all aspects of solar and financing including (but not limited to) power markets, development processes, engineering, project finance structures, corporate debt structures, debt financing processes, derivative instruments, tax and accounting.



Delivering excellent quantitative analysis

Build and maintain financial modelling and analysis for group planning, forecasting, and performance management initiatives

Support the development of financial models and 5-year plans infor specific business functions

Continuously calibrate with colleagues across the wider Finance and commercial teams in order to drive forward enhancements to our analytical and improvements in delivery of information to internal and external stakeholders

Supporting collaboration and decision-making

Support preparation for Board and Senior Management engagement, including developing clear and concise presentations with limited guidance

Help support with a variety of ad-hoc strategic projects and manage key partnerships

Present insights and recommendations to senior stakeholders

Lead delivery of project workstreams, over time taking full ownership of strategic projects

Work cross functionally to ensure data consistency, quality and appropriateness

Work with the business to accelerate implementation of priority initiatives, e.g., rolling out new processes

Continuously calibrate with colleagues across the wider Finance and commercial teams in order to drive forward enhancements to our analytical and improvements in delivery of information to internal and external stakeholders



WORK SKILLS

Ability to build and run financial models to support investment decisions and strategic planning



KNOWLEDGE

Strong interest in the energy sector, renewables, and the energy transition (experience preferred but not essential)

Good level of understanding of finance, strategy, and accounting concepts

Proficient across MS Excel, MS PowerPoint; SQL/VBA beneficial but not required



EXPERIENCE

2-3 years professional experience; management consulting / advisory / investment banking preferred

Experience within financial sector with strong analytical and quantitative skills

An interest in renewable energy is an advantage but not a requirement



PERSONAL QUALITIES

Enthusiastic, proactive contributor with drive and determination to make progress at pace

Excels at solving unstructured problems, with strong analytical abilities and excellent attention to detail

Flexible, collaborative working style

Comfortable operating in a fast-paced environment and delivering to tight deadlines

Highly organised, plan ahead and be comfortable delivering complex projects to tight deadlines

Detail orientated and able to take accountability for the accuracy and quality of models across the board, i.e. including those not operated by self

Thrive in fast moving and growing business – continually challenging how things are done in the interest of improving the systems, processes and the quality of models
About the job
At Capgemini Invent, we bring to life what’s next for our clients.
By combining strategy, technology, data science, and creative design expertise with an inventive mindset, we partner with our clients to innovate and transform their business, helping them navigate today, while plotting a course for the future.

About Capgemini Invent

As the digital innovation, design and transformation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in more than 36 offices and 37 creative studios around the world, it comprises a 12,000+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand experts and technologists who develop new digital services, products, experiences and business models for sustainable growth.
Capgemini Invent is an integral part of Capgemini, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 325,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fuelled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2021 global revenues of €18 billion.

Get The Future You Want

As a globally renowned technology and digital leader, we have the responsibility, the ambition, and the means to contribute to solving major societal questions that are shaping our future world. Invent for Society aims to value how social impact is part of the fabric of what we do.

See what it’s like to work at Capgemini Invent, visit our Glassdoor page

An overview of the role:

The Energy and Utilities industry is continuing to experience unprecedented change. The impact of digital disruption is increasing across all parts of the energy value chain, and at the same time regulators are shifting to focus on consumer outcomes. We have an important role to play: The need to understand, design and implement change based on drivers including climate change, decarbonisation of the energy sector, energy storage, new economic models, and new technology are increasing, alongside our core capabilities of customer experience transformation, asset and operations transformation, cost reduction and operating model transformation.

The work:

No matter the project or customer, your work will have a meaningful impact on society, businesses and lives. It’s really rewarding. And it’s also really varied. You’ll potentially work on a huge variety of projects (some larger than others), so you could gain lots of experience in a short amount of time.

Collaboration and Innovation:

We really believe in creating a partnership with our customers. Using our Accelerated Solutions Environment (ASE), you’ll get to know the customer’s needs and challenges, demo innovative solutions and quickly solve problems. It’ll help you discover unexpected answers together.

Why this role?

In this role, you will work with our Energy & Utilities clients to shape their journey, co-designing and supporting their transformation. We are looking for enthusiastic consultants experienced in the delivery of Operations Transformation to join our Utilities Sector Team and you will be part of the Asset & Operations team delivering successful end to end transformation programmes with our clients.

Why you?

You’ll bring experience in Operations Transformation Delivery ideally in the Energy Sector or other regulated industries such as Water, Retail, Infrastructure and Telecommunications. You may already be a management consultant, or you may be working within a Utilities company, a Regulator or Infrastructure organisation.

• A strategic thinker who can demonstrate experience of developing business operating models – an understanding of the link between strategy, business models and operating models, and the challenges in moving from invention to implementation with flexibility and agility, with applied experience pertaining to organisation-level operating and business models.
• Business relationship building – demonstrated ability to develop and maintain relationships including senior executive level
• Sector knowledge – an understanding of the current trends and issues in the Energy & Utilities sector and broader ecosystem, and their impact on organisations and society including the anticipated shift in RIIO-2 capability requirements of the UK Utilities industry.
• Experience of managing or working on large complex programmes and delivering digital transformation services / projects.
Ability to apply knowledge in the following areas:

• Energy Distribution, Transmission, and Retail market knowledge; including understanding of their Operations, Capital delivery, Customer Services, and Back Office
• The future of energy, including the journey to net zero, the changing energy mix in the UK, and the way industry players are responding to it
• Supporting capabilities for the Energy Sector including Asset Management, Workforce Management, Business Strategy, Business Planning.
• Supporting technologies for Energy, including Scada, Telemetry, Big Data, Cloud, Metering systems, CRM, and Billing.
• Emerging trends in Energy such as IoT, mobile applications, automation, energy management, digital twin, Smart grid/devices, AI/ML, and BIM
Why us?

The Energy and Utilities sector team at Capgemini Invent comprises of deep industry expertise at a national and global level. Coupled with our heritage of leading some of the largest industry digital transformations, we have the unique position of being able to offer our clients both industry thought leadership and proven experience in end-to-end digital delivery. We strive to understand our client’s business needs as well as individual motivations, forming long term strategic partnerships.

Diversity:

Capgemini positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. We are committed to hiring, developing and retaining the best people to deliver innovative, world-class solutions for our clients. We foster an inclusive culture that enables everyone to achieve their full potential and enjoy a fulfilling career with us. Our comprehensive flexible benefits package and lifestyle policies enable our employees to balance their individual, family and work-life needs.

Learning and development:

There’s an endless amount to learn at Capgemini, and an endless number of ways to do so. So, you’ll also have unique training opportunities to take advantage of. Some of our consultants even have the chance to go to Les Fontaine (near Paris, France), where we host a conference. Outside of dedicated training, everyone makes time to help and support one another - collaboration is encouraged across all of our teams.

Work/Life Harmony:

We understand that everyone has varied lives and we want you to have a great work-life balance. So, where possible, our Work Life Harmony policy will help you to work flexibly and juggle your work and home life.

CSR:

We’re also focused on using tech to have a positive social impact. So, we’re working to reduce our own carbon footprint and improve everyone’s access to a digital world. It’s something we’re really serious about. In fact, we were even named as one of the world’s most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute for the 9th year. When you join Capgemini, you’ll join a team that does the right thing.

Whilst you will have London, Manchester or Glasgow as an office base location, you must be fully flexible in terms of assignment location, as these roles may involve periods of time away from home at short notice.

We offer a remuneration package which includes flexible benefits options for you to choose to suit your own personal circumstances and a variable element dependent grade and on company and personal performance.

In order to commence a role with Capgemini UK plc you will be required to provide documentary proof prior to joining the Company that you are entitled to live and work in the UK.
More information is at available at: https://www.capgemini.com/gb-en/service/invent/
About the job
Description

ENGIE is a global leader in low-carbon energy supply and services. Along with over 100,000 employees worldwide, customers, partners and stakeholders, we are committed to accelerating the transition to a carbon-neutral world through more energy efficient and environmentally friendly solutions.

ENGIE’s 1,000 employees in the UK are actively engaged in helping the Group reach net-zero carbon by 2045. We have been active in the UK energy market for over 20 years and our investments are in renewable energy (solar, wind, hydro, biogas) and storage, whilst supplying energy to organisations of all sizes. Some of our major businesses include First Hydro and Storengy.

We are shaping the future of responsible business by reconciling economic performance with a positive impact on people and the planet. If you’re excited about making an impact, we invite you to join our journey to build tomorrow’s low carbon energy systems and meet the challenges of climate change.

ENGIE are recruiting for a Hedging and Deal Capture Co-ordinator to be based in Leeds. This is a permanent full time role working 37 hours per week. Working is flexible in relation to office attendance (1-2 days per week) and standard office hours (8:30am - 5pm Monday to Thursday, 8:30am – 4:30pm Friday) are expected. On offer is a competitive salary, bonus and benefits package.

The Role

The purpose of the role is to support the delivery of Energy Supply portfolio hedging activities.

Key Duties


Forward hedging of ENGIE Energy Supply customer sales to be completed as detailed in the Energy Supply Retail Hedging Strategy
Develop and maintain working relationships with customer contacts and Third Party Intermediaries (TPI’s) trading on behalf of flexible customers
Management of gas and electricity default-day processes
Management of gas and electricity “Sell-Back” processes
Production of daily forward curves and maintenance of forward curve pricing models

Qualifications

Knowledge, Skills and Qualifications Required:


Knowledge of hedging and deal capture processes and policies
Knowledge of Retail product
Highly numerate
Microsoft Office proficient
Able to work with internal and external parties to deliver effective solutions
Able to demonstrate a practical approach to problem solving
Proven ability to present information effectively.

For more information about ENGIE, please visit: http://www.engie.com/en/candidates-area/

For this role, you must have evidence of the right to work in the UK. There is no re-location package offered with this role.

Engie is an equal opportunities employer and our goal is to impact lasting change through our actions. Together, we unite for equality and equity. If you are interested in applying, we encourage you to think broadly about your background for the role.

The ENGIE Resourcing Team supports this job advert. Agency involvement is not required. All related enquiries must come to the resourcing team not direct to ENGIE Managers.
About the job
Your New Company

A leading utilities company in Northern Ireland.

Your new role

In your role as Energy Transition Analyst you will provide analytical support to existing and emerging energy transition workstreams, to help inform internal decision making, advance demonstration projects and ensure that regional pathways are suitably informed by research projects completed in other jurisdictions. You will be responsible for engaging with and challenging operational and strategic energy transition colleagues to provide research driven and analytical informed perspectives and presentations on the issues, challenges, and opportunities relevant to advancing the company's energy transition goals, you will create insights beyond but at times informed by publicly available information, interacting with renewable gas industry leaders and wider

energy networks to build proprietary data sets and evidence for differentiated points of view. You will deliver project work under guidance from colleagues, including online research, data analysis, briefing papers, project planning, and preparation of presentation collaterals and stakeholder/consumer messaging materials, and contribute to commercial decision making: for example, supporting business development concepts, performing market research to support proposal development. You will contribute to the development of intellectual property by supporting the publication of renewable gas focused articles and papers, lead/contribute to multidisciplinary teams for delivery of strategic and complex projects, working with both internal teams and partner organisations, and monitor Energy Transition related public policy developments in Northern Ireland, Ireland, the UK and across Europe. As a trend-watcher for the Energy Industry particularly on matters relating to energy transition, you will harness a natural curiosity about emerging decarbonisation themes that are reshaping the Energy industry to curate and co-create insights that empower the business to act decisively.

What You'll Need To Succeed

Educated to degree level in a discipline relevant to the energy sector or research or have equivalent professional experience to include a relevant qualification / accreditation, as well as minimum of three years’

experience in a research or analyst focused role and experience working with partnership organisations, desirable if you have experience of working in an energy related environment either in the delivery of analytical support, research, or policy development. You will have a mixture of strong qualitative and analytical skills, along with good commercial awareness and the ability to communicate complex analysis will be key, experience in interacting with business leaders, leading conversations, and offering differentiating perspectives. You will have a proven ability to deliver succinct and structured oral and written communications, and you will be a strong communicator with the ability to work independently and flexibly.

What You'll Get In Return

Salary of £30,000-£32,000 + excellent benefits including contributory pension scheme, free car parking, life assurance; annual health checks; additional annual leave with service and a dedicated health and wellbeing programme, as well as a free bus to work, to name but a few. Please note there is no possibility of home working or hybrid working for this role.

What You Need To Do Now

If you're interested in this role, click 'apply now' to forward an up-to-date copy of your CV, or call us now.

If this job isn't quite right for you but you are looking for a new position, please contact us for a confidential discussion on your career. #4346545
About the job
For 150 years, ICIS has connected markets, data and customers, providing a comprehensive view of global commodity markets. We, at ICIS, focus with our energy intelligence one overlaying theme – the integration of energy markets as they undergo the challenge of decarbonisation. Each component of the energy spectrum – oil, gas, LNG, electricity, renewables, carbon, hydrogen – is integral to decarbonisation and so at ICIS we have specialised market expertise on all pieces of the puzzle to ensure our clients get the very best integrated energy intelligence.

Capitalising on our global and local presence, our deep market understanding, and specialised expertise, we help businesses respond to volatile markets in the short and medium term, enabling clients to predict how current fundamentals will impact energy prices in the coming days or weeks. Our growing data, intelligence and forecasting capabilities form a big part of helping clients build resilient strategies.

We continue to invest in our people, technology, and infrastructure to bring together the most comprehensive and integrated view of energy markets. The energy transition has already begun. As integrated energy experts, we are ready. Are you?

Role

As a Market Analyst for Hydrogen, you will produce and communicate analysis to serve customers in a growing area of the decarbonised energy industry. Your focus will be on the commercial development of clean hydrogen as an emerging commodity within the European and international energy landscape. As of day one, you will be tasked with challenging analytics projects and be in contact with customers and prospects. There will be a strong research element to the role, with data gathering and relationship building within the industry expected. This role will entail the development of an exciting new suite of products and will enable someone with the skills and capacity to develop expertise in a dynamic and evolving sector. The role will involve close collaboration with our team of quantitative analysts, as well as interaction with our wider team of energy experts.

Main Accountabilities/responsibilities
Work with quantitative analysts to develop and maintain economic and financial models for pricing different production streams of hydrogen
Explain our analysis to clients and key stakeholders
Engage with market participants to follow developments in pricing
Build and maintain datasets of project and policy information
Generate thought leadership content on commercial and technical hydrogen topics
Contribute to development of analytical products for other energy transition fuels
Research the dynamics of different end-user markets
Generate analysis on cross-commodity impact of hydrogen sector growth
Liaise with internal stakeholders to integrate hydrogen analysis

Key Skills Required
Significant professional experience in the energy or petrochemicals industry
Domain knowledge of the hydrogen sector and familiarity with traded energy markets
Familiarity with regulated markets and the role of policy developments
Experience in financial modelling of investment projects, ideally within an energy or petrochemicals domain
Understanding of energy and chemicals process technology, including the fundamentals of carbon capture and sequestration
Strong data handling skills and familiarity with at least one database language
The ability to communicate clearly and concisely both in person and through written output
Analytical mind-set, critical thinking, and ability to build profound knowledge in complex markets
Excellent interpersonal and collaboration skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment
Commitment to the Energy Transition to low and zero carbon fuels

We offer
A vibrant working environment in a dynamic, inclusive, ambitious, and committed team
Exposure to key market players in the global energy markets
Personal development opportunities working for the global provider of energy analytics
Flexibility, loyalty, empowerment, and trust as part of our corporate culture
About the job
A career in PwC Strategy&’s EUR team will provide you with the opportunity to participate in an exciting and rapidly changing energy landscape, develop industry-leading sector, technical and management skills, rapidly shape and advance your career and be part of a diverse, energetic, friendly community.

About The Role

As a Manager in Strategy&, you will play a central role in solving the most critical strategic problems of leading energy companies. You will have the opportunity to drive transformational business change, working closely with Executive clients, Directors and Partners and leveraging PwC’s global network. You will also have the opportunity to work closely with the Deals and Delivering Deal Value (DDV) team, assisting both Corporate and Private Equity clients in commercial due diligence and transformational challenges driven by Merger and Acquisition (M&A) activity.

You will spend the vast majority of your time delivering client projects. In these which you will lead 1-2 workstreams, either independently or managing junior colleagues and clients. You will engage in hypothesis-led problem-solving, development of project approaches, execution of qualitative and quantitative analysis, client engagement and collaboration with the team.

Outside of engagements, you will build networks and engage with our sector consulting team, generate thought leadership, new propositions and initiatives based on your personal interests and insights; and drive your own personal development and that of your colleagues to deliver ever more value to clients.

Strategy& offers in-depth training across all consulting levels and will support your development throughout your career. Using a combination of formal training programs, on-the-job feedback and guidance from your allocated career coach, we support our Managers to develop exceptional leadership analytical thinking, specialist technical and sector knowledge and relationship skills.

Key responsibilities as a Manager

Shaping, planning and executing complex strategic workstreams as part of client projects, with support from Senior Managers, Directors or Partners.
Developing the hypotheses and insights to unlock challenging client problems.
Undertaking analysis, translating the analysis into useful findings and quality assuring the results in conjunction with project leadership.
Developing clear, persuasive and concise documents for Executive audiences.
Building productive and lasting client relationships at all levels.
Leading data gathering required to solve complex problems in a short timeframe.
Managing the development of junior team members on projects and identifying opportunities for them to grow and build their skills.
Building relationships within the PwC Network and proactively contributing to internal, firm-building activities.
Dealing effectively with ambiguous and unstructured problems and situations.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.

Requirements

Extensive Energy sector (Power including new energies, Utilities, Oil & Gas, energy regulators) experience in Strategy Consulting, Business/Corporate Strategy or Operations teams
Deep focus on one or more of Corporate or business unit strategy, Growth Strategy, Operating Transformation, Capabilities Development, Strategic Cost Reduction and Digital Disruption
Ability to lead self and others, in particular, experience in managing teams and coaching others to high performance
Experience in contributing to functionally, geographically and culturally diverse teams
Ability to apply top-down strategic thinking to complex, ambiguous and unfamiliar problems
Demonstrated ability to work with quantitative data and structuring quantitative analysis
Outstanding oral and written communication skills, including demonstrated experience in communicating with senior Executives in oral and written form
Ability to quickly and confidently develop relationships, including in challenging situations
Educated to graduate level in Economics, Mathematics, Business, Science or Engineering or equivalent

Not the role for you?

Did you know PwC offers flexible career arrangements and contract work? Learn more.

The Skills We Look For

The PwC Professional is our global framework for defining and encouraging leadership at all levels. Learn more.

The Deal

‘The Deal’, our firmwide Employee Value Proposition’ empowers our people to be the best they can be. Learn more.

Our commitment to you

We’re committed to building a culture that empowers all of our people to thrive and feel a sense of belonging at PwC. Learn more.

Application support

If you’re a person with a disability, if you’re neurodivergent, or if you have a condition that you believe may affect your performance during our selection process, we’ll be happy to make reasonable adjustments to our processes for you. Learn more.

Consulting
About the job
A career in PwC Strategy&’s EUR team will provide you with the opportunity to participate in an exciting and rapidly changing energy landscape, develop industry-leading sector, technical and management skills, rapidly shape and advance your career and be part of a diverse, energetic, friendly community.

About The Role

As a Manager in Strategy&, you will play a central role in solving the most critical strategic problems of leading energy companies. You will have the opportunity to drive transformational business change, working closely with Executive clients, Directors and Partners and leveraging PwC’s global network. You will also have the opportunity to work closely with the Deals and Delivering Deal Value (DDV) team, assisting both Corporate and Private Equity clients in commercial due diligence and transformational challenges driven by Merger and Acquisition (M&A) activity.

You will spend the vast majority of your time delivering client projects. In these which you will lead 1-2 workstreams, either independently or managing junior colleagues and clients. You will engage in hypothesis-led problem-solving, development of project approaches, execution of qualitative and quantitative analysis, client engagement and collaboration with the team.

Outside of engagements, you will build networks and engage with our sector consulting team, generate thought leadership, new propositions and initiatives based on your personal interests and insights; and drive your own personal development and that of your colleagues to deliver ever more value to clients.

Strategy& offers in-depth training across all consulting levels and will support your development throughout your career. Using a combination of formal training programs, on-the-job feedback and guidance from your allocated career coach, we support our Managers to develop exceptional leadership analytical thinking, specialist technical and sector knowledge and relationship skills.

Key responsibilities as a Manager

Shaping, planning and executing complex strategic workstreams as part of client projects, with support from Senior Managers, Directors or Partners.
Developing the hypotheses and insights to unlock challenging client problems.
Undertaking analysis, translating the analysis into useful findings and quality assuring the results in conjunction with project leadership.
Developing clear, persuasive and concise documents for Executive audiences.
Building productive and lasting client relationships at all levels.
Leading data gathering required to solve complex problems in a short timeframe.
Managing the development of junior team members on projects and identifying opportunities for them to grow and build their skills.
Building relationships within the PwC Network and proactively contributing to internal, firm-building activities.
Dealing effectively with ambiguous and unstructured problems and situations.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.

Requirements

Extensive Energy sector (Power including new energies, Utilities, Oil & Gas, energy regulators) experience in Strategy Consulting, Business/Corporate Strategy or Operations teams
Deep focus on one or more of Corporate or business unit strategy, Growth Strategy, Operating Transformation, Capabilities Development, Strategic Cost Reduction and Digital Disruption
Ability to lead self and others, in particular, experience in managing teams and coaching others to high performance
Experience in contributing to functionally, geographically and culturally diverse teams
Ability to apply top-down strategic thinking to complex, ambiguous and unfamiliar problems
Demonstrated ability to work with quantitative data and structuring quantitative analysis
Outstanding oral and written communication skills, including demonstrated experience in communicating with senior Executives in oral and written form
Ability to quickly and confidently develop relationships, including in challenging situations
Educated to graduate level in Economics, Mathematics, Business, Science or Engineering or equivalent

Not the role for you?

Did you know PwC offers flexible career arrangements and contract work? Learn more.

The Skills We Look For

The PwC Professional is our global framework for defining and encouraging leadership at all levels. Learn more.

The Deal

‘The Deal’, our firmwide Employee Value Proposition’ empowers our people to be the best they can be. Learn more.

Our commitment to you

We’re committed to building a culture that empowers all of our people to thrive and feel a sense of belonging at PwC. Learn more.

Application support

If you’re a person with a disability, if you’re neurodivergent, or if you have a condition that you believe may affect your performance during our selection process, we’ll be happy to make reasonable adjustments to our processes for you. Learn more.

Consulting
About the job
The firm

Trowers & Hamlins is a City-led, international and national law firm with over 160 partners and 950 staff. With offices across the UK, Middle East and Far East.

We’ve always been proud of our natural commitment to diversity and inclusion and value the variety of our partnership. We are different and we believe it is our people that make us unique. We expect and respect that you and your talents are too.

Our strategic direction is shaped by a desire to grow our business in a way that is responsible and sustainable and has the principles of ESG at its core, guiding the way we operate firmwide.

The Opportunity

Our cross-departmental Energy & Sustainability group advise on a range of energy related projects focused on the UK market. We have a leading practice advising on real estate related energy infrastructure – covering everything from utility connections through to on-site renewable energy generation, power purchase agreements, the transition to electric vehicles and the development of district heating networks. We also advise on wider energy efficiency and decarbonisation retrofit, working with clients to bring together blended funding to improve energy efficiency and reduce emissions.

We work closely with our colleagues in our construction, real estate, planning, corporate, banking and tax teams to provide seamless advice on energy related projects. We are at the forefront of innovation in the sector, helping our clients navigate the energy transition and how that impacts the built environment.

Our team is a core part of the firm's Responsible Business initiative, working with clients to reduce carbon footprints, build aligned supply chains and incorporate climate-related drafting in wider contracts. That covers projects aimed at delivering Net Zero targets, and also wider ESG driven initiatives.

This is a great opportunity for an experienced associate who would join our UK team to focus on the development of the domestic energy market.

What you'll be doing

Advising developers, landlords and operators on District Heating schemes (including ESCO concessions, customer supply agreements, outsourced services such as billing/administration and operation and maintenance and construction/operating issues).
Advising on Energy Performance Contracts (EPC/ESPC).
Advising on contracts for the delivery of energy efficiency and decarbonisation works for residential and commercial property.
Advising on Renewable Energy projects, including rooftop solar models
Support on regulatory/licencing issues relating to energy supply.
Advising on utility connections including ICP and IDNO arrangements.
Advising on Power Purchase Agreements and Heat Supply Agreements etc.
Advising on Electric Vehicle Chargepoints and related infrastructure/contracts.
Monitoring and reviewing developments in UK Government Policy and developing structured advice on implications for wider works/services contracts.
Active participation in marketing initiatives aimed at the energy sector.
Building and maintaining effective client relationships

What you'll need

The firm has a Career Development Framework which sets out the competencies we expect of those at the Associate grade. In particular for this role we require:

Candidates with 2-4 years' relevant post qualification experience gained from a reputable firm,
Experience of advising on heat networks and renewable energy projects,
Experience of advising on power purchase arrangements and supply/generation licence requirements,
Excellent technical skills,
Strong client focus,
Ability to prioritise work effectively and meet deadlines
Ability to deal with innovative deals and bespoke documents
Drive and enthusiasm,
Commercial awareness,
Excellent academic record,


As part of our firm recruitment policy our candidates are subject to employment screening background checks. These checks include personal details, education and employment history, professional qualifications and credit and criminal checks as appropriate.

Trowers & Hamlins is an equal opportunities employer and values diversity and inclusion. All applications will be considered on merit and the applicant's suitability to meet the requirements of the role and will be treated equally irrespective of Ethnicity, Gender (including Trans and non-binary) Race, Disability, Religion and sexual orientation.
About the job
Job title: Energy Bureau Lead

Location: Portsmouth, we offer a range of hybrid and flexible working arrangements – please speak to your recruiter about the options for this particular role.

Salary: Up to £47,000 depending on skills and experience

What You’ll Be Doing
Work with analysts to develop customer reports and insights
Scope and develop energy and emission reducing initiatives
Scope and manage meter improvement and installation projects
Management of energy and emissions legal compliance activities
Lead behaviour change programme
Single point of contact for the customer
Work with consultants and engineers to scope and develop customer proposals
Attend customer meetings and workshops
Deliver defined projects and initiatives
Your Skills And Experiences
Passionate about sustainability and the combat against climate change
Previous experience in using Data Analytics to communicate with customers / stakeholders
Bachelor or master’s degree in a following related field such as Data/Science/Engineering/Environmental/Economics or equivalent working experience
Understanding of the principles of utilities and greenhouse gas emissions
Previous energy/carbon experience within a commercial or industrial setting
Benefits

You’ll receive benefits including a competitive pension scheme, enhanced annual leave allowance and a Company contributed Share Incentive Plan. You’ll also have access to additional benefits such as flexible working, an employee assistance programme, Cycle2work and employee discounts – you may also be eligible for an annual leave incentive.

The Energy And Sustainability Team

You will be working within a skilled, dynamic and multi-faceted team of Energy Engineers, Carbon Consultants and Energy Analysts. You will be at the forefront of providing solutions and interventions to enact real change.

BAE Systems: Energy & Sustainable Solutions Business

Are you passionate about climate change and enabling the transformational adoption of low-carbon technology?

Our Energy and Sustainable Solutions team is wholly focused on defending the generations of tomorrow against climate change through bringing expertise, innovation, and collaboration. We work across land, maritime and defence domains. The team is focused on developing novel sustainable products of the future alongside expanding our energy & carbon professional services capability.

Why BAE Systems?

This is a place where you’ll be able to make a real difference. You’ll be part of an inclusive culture that values diversity, rewards integrity, and merit, and where you’ll be empowered to fulfil your potential. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and particularly from sections of the community who are currently underrepresented within our industry, including women, ethnic minorities, people with disabilities and LGBTQ+ individuals.

We also want to make sure that our recruitment processes are as inclusive as possible. If you have a disability or health condition (for example dyslexia, autism, an anxiety disorder etc.) that may affect your performance in certain assessment types, please speak to your recruiter about potential reasonable adjustments.”

Please be aware that many roles working for BAE Systems will be subject to both security and export control restrictions. These restrictions mean that factors including your nationality, any previous nationalities you have held, and your place of birth may limit those roles you can perform for the organisation.

Job

Engineering

Primary Location

GB-ENG-HAM-Portsmouth

Closing Date

01/Feb/23, 5:59:00 PM
About the job
At Capgemini Invent, we bring to life what’s next for our clients.
By combining strategy, technology, data science, and creative design expertise with an inventive mindset, we partner with our clients to innovate and transform their business, helping them navigate today, while plotting a course for the future.

About Capgemini Invent

As the digital innovation, design and transformation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in more than 36 offices and 37 creative studios around the world, it comprises a 12,000+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand experts and technologists who develop new digital services, products, experiences and business models for sustainable growth.
Capgemini Invent is an integral part of Capgemini, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 325,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fuelled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2021 global revenues of €18 billion.

Get The Future You Want

As a globally renowned technology and digital leader, we have the responsibility, the ambition, and the means to contribute to solving major societal questions that are shaping our future world. Invent for Society aims to value how social impact is part of the fabric of what we do.

See what it’s like to work at Capgemini Invent, visit our Glassdoor page

An overview of the role:

You will work on high profile, impactful project
s which will help our clients deliver scalable energy infrastructure to help the UK transition to a low carbon, sustainable future. Our consultants bring Nuclear and/or Asset Inten-sive Industry experience, a strong business improvement skillset, an understanding of how digitisation of core Capital Project delivery processes can reduce the total cost of ownership for mega projects and deliver on shareholder commitments.

We work collaboratively with clients at all levels of an organisation and across all stages of the asset lifecycle to help them define the key foundations and capabilities to set up their capital project and asset operations for success. We move from ‘idea to action’ quickly and build confidence along the digital journey to help our clients successfully deliver critical energy infrastructure.
The work:

No matter the project or customer, your work will have a meaningful impact on society, businesses and lives. It’s really rewarding. And it’s also really varied. You’ll potentially work on a huge variety of projects (some larger than others), so you could gain lots of experience in a short amount of time.

Collaboration and Innovation:

We really believe in creating a partnership with our customers. Using our Accelerated Solutions Environment (ASE), you’ll get to know the customer’s needs and challenges, demo innovative solutions and quickly solve problems. It’ll help you discover unexpected answers together.

Why this role?

In your role you will help business leaders and their teams, at all levels of an organisation, to shape and drive their transformation journeys. We are looking for people who can be the critical friend and trusted partner, helping our clients understand and tackle the issues they face, defining the overall solutions to unlock value whilst steering them on the journey of transformation. The solutions align the strategic objectives with visible outcomes expected by shareholders. We bring this to life through the setup of the future organisation, new ways of working enabled by emerging technology and data.

Within the UK, we are amongst the fastest growing and most successful consultancies, a testament to the tangi-ble results that we continue to deliver with our clients. To continue this exciting growth, we are looking to re-cruit high calibre Digital Engineering experts who can really make a difference for our clients on their journey.
Key activities include:

• Ownership and delivery of workstreams within transformation programmes
• Definition of client strategy, delivery roadmap and investment case. You will help develop business cas-es for the deployment of asset technology solutions and support clients in making value-based scope decisions.
• Definition of future business and organisation models whilst developing an integrated view of people, technology and information impacts
• Define project scope and objectives, facilitate workshops to define and prioritise requirements, agree outcomes and programme risks.
• Create and support the development of workstream or project delivery plans
Why you?

You’ll bring experience from Nuclear, major infrastructure and / or oil & gas sectors. You’ll have experience working in a consultancy or deploying internal improvement initiatives within an organisation, and a strong understanding and experience in project controls and reporting methodologies and systems. You will understand the industry best practice to support clients in the optimisation and improvement of project and programme performance and management of delivery operations, including key functional areas such as Risk, Cost and Schedule Management, and the underpinning data structures and supporting contractual arrangements.

In addition, you’ll have the following specific experience and personal attributes:

• Shaping, and leading the delivery of delivering major transformation projects. Preferably with a combi-nation of industry and consulting experience
• You will help develop business cases for the deployment of solutions and support clients in making val-ue-based scope decisions
• Identifying the business requirements and translate them into scalable client solutions
• You will support the implementation of Project Controls systems and applications to improve business and functional operational performance areas
• Aware industry best practices and systems and emerging technological solutions
• You will have experience of assessing and developing organisational capabilities and requirements, spe-cifically in project controls and programme management functional areas
• Experience of project controls tools on EPCC projects, including but not limited to Primavera P6, Prism and ARM
Why us?

The Energy and Utilities sector team at Capgemini Invent comprises of deep industry expertise at a national and global level. Coupled with our heritage of leading some of the largest industry digital transformations, we have the unique position of being able to offer our clients both industry thought leadership and proven experience in end-to-end digital delivery. We strive to understand our client’s business needs as well as individual motiva-tions, forming long term strategic partnerships.

Diversity:

Capgemini positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. We are committed to hiring, developing and retaining the best people to deliver innovative, world-class solutions for our clients. We foster an inclusive culture that enables everyone to achieve their full potential and enjoy a fulfilling career with us. Our comprehensive flexible benefits package and lifestyle policies enable our employees to balance their individual, family and work-life needs.

Learning and development:

There’s an endless amount to learn at Capgemini, and an endless number of ways to do so. So, you’ll also have unique training opportunities to take advantage of. Some of our consultants even have the chance to go to Les Fontaine (near Paris, France), where we host a conference. Outside of dedicated training, everyone makes time to help and support one another - collaboration is encouraged across all of our teams.

Work/Life Harmony:

We understand that everyone has varied lives and we want you to have a great work-life balance. So, where possible, our Work Life Harmony policy will help you to work flexibly and juggle your work and home life.

CSR:

We’re also focused on using tech to have a positive social impact. So, we’re working to reduce our own carbon footprint and improve everyone’s access to a digital world. It’s something we’re really serious about. In fact, we were even named as one of the world’s most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute for the 9th year. When you join Capgemini, you’ll join a team that does the right thing.

Whilst you will have London, Manchester or Glasgow as an office base location, you must be fully flexible in terms of assignment location, as these roles may involve periods of time away from home at short notice.
We offer a remuneration package which includes flexible benefits options for you to choose to suit your own personal circumstances and a variable element dependent grade and on company and personal performance.

In order to commence a role with Capgemini UK plc you will be required to provide documentary proof prior to joining the Company that you are entitled to live and work in the UK.
More information is at available at: https://www.capgemini.com/gb-en/service/invent/
About the job
Macro Analyst - Global Energy Perspectives

Overview

We set out to build the world’s most trusted consulting firm – creating lasting impact for clients and pioneering a positive, people-first way of working. We work with everyone from FTSE 100 names to bright new start-ups, in every sector.

You’ll find us collaborating shoulder-to-shoulder with our clients, from the big picture right down to the detail: helping them define their strategy, deliver complex change, spot the right commercial opportunities, manage risk or bring their purpose and sustainability goals to life. Our clients love how we get to know what makes their businesses tick – slotting seamlessly into their teams and being proudly geeky about solving their challenges.

We have hubs in Europe, the US, Asia and Australia, and we work all around the world – from a wind farm in Wyoming to a boardroom in Berlin. Find us wherever there’s a challenge to be tackled and an impact to be made.

Baringa believe that diversity is paramount to driving creativity, innovation and value for our clients and for our people. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nationality, disability, age, or social background.

What will you be doing?

Our Energy & Resources practice is seeking a talented and motivated Macro Research Analyst for a new Global Energy Perspectives team. This team will generate cutting edge insights and collateral on energy transition related topics, targeting C-suite level clients and the media.

The analyst will support in developing qualitative research as well as data insights, models, and methodologies to identify key trends and insights for our clients. To be successful in this role, you will have the ability to create insightful analysis, develop a knowledge of the energy transition eco-system and an understanding of the markets in which Baringa operates.

Conduct

Primary research on energy transition topics such as the future of hydrogen, the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on European energy security and the role of offshore wind development in the US

Policy analysis – what does the Inflation Act mean for the energy transition in the US?

Economic analysis – how will the rising inflation and rate environment impact green investments in different geographies?

Political analysis – how are the US midterms set to change the climate agenda?

Contribute To

Written reports on energy related topics and short journalistic style insight pieces outlining your analysis and conclusions in engaging ways for our clients.

Videos, webinars and conferences as requested, sharing your insight and research verbally with impact.

Manage

Data sets and research artefacts. Draw insights from data and manage databases of primary research for the team. The analyst will support in developing qualitative research as well as data insights, models, and methodologies to identify key trends and insights for our clients.

So, what are we looking for?

We recruit individuals at all levels based on merit. Don't worry about 'fitting into a quota'; if you can demonstrate some of the skills we are after we would love to hear from you.

We are looking for candidates with a top degree from a leading university (Undergraduate or Masters) – The undergraduate degree (first or 2:1), should be in a relevant discipline. This would preferably be a joint honours degree such as Politics & Economics or Environmental Policy & Economics

The ideal candidate will have primary research experience e.g. – time as a research assistant at University and some journalistic experience (student publication/radio)

Econometric/data handling – experience with statistical software e.g. Matlab/Eviews (other coding language such as R or Python, VBA)

Demonstrated experience of other markets e.g. through research or study of Non-European markets such as Asia Pacific/China/India a plus

The ideal candidate will be comfortable writing both longer form academic style reports and also have the ability to write shorter form content with a more journalistic style.

The candidate should possess excellent communication skills in both written and verbal form.

It would be expected that the candidate could ultimately conduct basic data analysis, drawing conclusions from quantitative data manipulation. The candidate should eventually be comfortable drawing insights from data, translating quantitative analysis into compelling narratives and stories.

You’ll need a strict attention to detail and be able to work at pace, to deliver on event driven outputs.

First class communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to construct a narrative and tell engaging stories with compelling data led research and analysis.

Excel spreadsheet and data management skills as well as proficiency in Microsoft Word and PowerPoint.

Fluent written and spoken English other European language an advantage (German in particular)

So, what's in it for you?

Well, it’s up to you. Baringa is what you make it.

Promotion is solely based on your own performance, and we give you every opportunity to progress by having four promotional reviews a year
We’re proud to put people first with wellbeing at the forefront of our culture, one example of this is that every employee receives £300 a year to put towards their wellbeing! In 2022 this was recognised in our #1 ranking in the UK’s Great Place To Work 'Best Workplaces for Wellbeing'.
All employees participate in the Baringa Group Profit Share Scheme, which seeks to ensure that everyone has a stake in the success of the company.
We recognise everyone needs a well-deserved break - As such we have introduced the ‘Re-charge’ benefit meaning Baringa will offer all employees an additional 2 weeks of paid leave after 5 years continuous service.
Lastly, we recognise the importance of work-life balance and we know that the ‘ideal’ balance will vary from person to person and will change at different stages of our working lives. If you require flexible working, please talk to one of our Recruiters about the flexibility you may need.

Diversity & Inclusion

All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nationality, disability, age, faith or social background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

We would like to actively encourage applications from those who identify with less represented and minority groups. We do not filter applications by university background and encourage those who have taken alternative educational and career paths to apply.
About the job
About The Role

Help shape the future of energy.

As an Energy Insight Lead, you'll have the opportunity to:

Write content for the popular Future Energy Scenarios document which considers how the energy industry will look in 2050.
Develop the strategic framework for the Future Energy Scenarios document to ensure it evolves each year to address the relevant industry challenges – including the transition to a more regional FES.
Write content for the suite of operational Winter and Summer Outlook and Review documents which consider the previous year and the year ahead in terms of electricity demand and supply.
Create standalone thought leadership articles for publication on behalf of the Electricity System Operator.

The Energy Insights team sits within the wider Energy Insights and Analysis department which leads the ESO’s thinking on key policy areas across the whole energy system (i.e. both gas and electricity) as well the long-term outlook in relation to the UK’s 2050 net zero emissions target. The team are responsible for writing and publishing content that leads and shapes the debate on the future of energy; challenges views internally and externally; informs strategic decision-making within the ESO; and seeks to influence policy direction across the wider energy landscape.

This role is based from Warwick, and we continue to offer hybrid working from office and home. We are open to full time and part time applicants, as well as flexible working arrangements.

About You

What we do isn’t just important – it’s essential. That’s why we look to recruit experts in their field. In this case, we’re looking for someone who:

Has the ability to work collaboratively with modellers to frame their analysis, and challenge where appropriate as a critical friend.
Has experience of working collaboratively with key external stakeholders (e.g. BEIS, Ofgem, industry players, Local Authorities) to support key policy decisions.
Has general working knowledge of existing GB energy industry (e.g. electricity, gas, hydrogen).
Has a strong understanding of how the GB energy industry must evolve to meet the 2050 net zero targets.
Ideally has areas of specialism such as flexibility, decarbonisation of heat / transport, network development.
Has the ability to produce written messages that are relevant, communicated clearly, and targeted at the right audience in a timely manner.
Has the ability to join the dots in relation to policy developments, technological advances and consumer behaviour change.

What You'll Get

A competitive salary between £44,000 – £56,000 – dependent on capability.

As well as your base salary, you will receive a bonus based on personal and company performance and a competitive contributory pension scheme where we will double match your contribution to a maximum company contribution of 12%. You will also have access to a number of flexible benefits such as a share incentive plan, salary sacrifice car and technology schemes, support via employee assistance lines and matched charity giving to name a few.

About Us

As the Electricity System Operator (ESO) for Great Britain, we hold a unique position at the heart of the energy industry. We have an unparalleled opportunity to work with government and industry to realise the benefits of the energy transition, solve the challenges that lie in our path and accelerate progress towards a net zero future.

The ESO is an exciting place to work – we have ambitious goals to meet and are transforming the way we work using technology and innovation to do things differently. Our business plan sets out what we’ll do from April 2021 onwards to meet the challenges of the future and deliver cleaner and affordable energy. Have a read!

We welcome the recent announcement, by BEIS and Ofgem, to create a Future System Operator that builds on the track record and skills of the ESO with enhanced roles and responsibilities to unlock additional value for consumers and drive towards net zero.

More information

This role closes on 10 February 2023 at 23:59, however we encourage candidates to submit their application as early as possible and not wait until the published closing date as this can vary.

At National Grid ESO, we work towards the highest standards in everything we do, including how we support, value and develop our people. Our aim is to encourage and support employees to thrive and be the best they can be. We celebrate the difference people can bring into our organisation, and welcome and encourage applicants with diverse experiences and backgrounds, and offer flexible and tailored support, at home and in the office.

We're committed to building a workforce that represents the communities we serve, and a working environment in which each individual feels valued, respected, fairly treated, and able to reach their full potential.
About the job
At Capgemini Invent, we bring to life what’s next for our clients.
By combining strategy, technology, data science, and creative design expertise with an inventive mindset, we partner with our clients to innovate and transform their business, helping them navigate today, while plotting a course for the future.

About Capgemini Invent

As the digital innovation, design and transformation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in more than 36 offices and 37 creative studios around the world, it comprises a 12,000+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand experts and technologists who develop new digital services, products, experiences and business models for sustainable growth.
Capgemini Invent is an integral part of Capgemini, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 325,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fuelled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2021 global revenues of €18 billion

Get The Future You Want

As a globally renowned technology and digital leader, we have the responsibility, the ambition, and the means to contribute to solving major societal questions that are shaping our future world. Invent for Society aims to value how social impact is part of the fabric of what we do.
See what it’s like to work at Capgemini Invent, visit our Glassdoor page

An overview of the role:

To meet the demands of Government, regulators and increasingly savvy customers, companies in the water industry across the UK are investing millions in Opex and Capex improvements and operational digital transformation. Given the scale of investment, there is a strong focus from regulators, investors and the companies alike to ensure these programmes are delivered effectively, drive out efficiency at all levels and that the change are both adopted and sustained.

The work:

No matter the project or customer, your work will have a meaningful impact on society, businesses and lives. It’s really rewarding. And it’s also really varied. You’ll potentially work on a huge variety of projects (some larger than others), so you could gain lots of experience in a short amount of time.

Collaboration and Innovation:

We really believe in creating a partnership with our customers. Using our Accelerated Solutions Environment (ASE), you’ll get to know the customer’s needs and challenges, demo innovative solutions and quickly solve problems. It’ll help you discover unexpected answers together.

Why this role?

In this role, you will work with our Energy & Utilities clients to shape their journey, co-designing and supporting their transformation. You will focus on the transfer of capability and contribute to the strategic direction and deployment of the Capgemini Invent Sector Transformation team, helping to coach and develop others as well as applying your skills in delivery and business development.

Why you?

You’ll bring the following specific experience and personal attributes gained within the Utilities (ideally Water) sector:

• A strategic thinker who can understand business operating models – an understanding of the link between strategy, business models and operating models, and the challenges in moving from invention to implementation with flexibility and agility, with applied experience pertaining to organisation-level operating and business models
• Business relationship building – demonstrated ability to develop and maintain relationships, including at senior level
• Sector knowledge – an understanding of the current trends and issues in the Energy & Utilities sector and broader ecosystem, and their impact on organisations and society
• Experience of managing or working on large complex programmes and delivering digital transformation services / projects

Ability to apply knowledge in the following areas:

• Water and Wastewater Operations, Capital delivery, Customer Services and Back Office
• Deployment of Digital Transformation solutions and services
• Supporting capabilities for the Water Sector including Telemetry, Asset Management, Workforce Management, Business Strategy and Business Planning
• Supporting technologies for Water, including Scada, Telemetry, Big Data, Cloud, Metering systems, CRM and Billing
• Emerging trends in Water such as IoT, mobile applications, automation, energy management, digital twin and BIM
• Operationalising solutions, for example transitioning factory models for RPA, energy and mobile Apps into operations, integrating advanced analytics into operational business as usual etc.

Why us?

The Energy and Utilities sector team at Capgemini Invent comprises of deep industry expertise at a national and global level. Coupled with our heritage of leading some of the largest industry digital transformations, we have the unique position of being able to offer our clients both industry thought leadership and proven experience in end-to-end digital delivery. We strive to understand our client’s business needs as well as individual motivations, forming long term strategic partnerships.

Diversity

Capgemini positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. We are committed to hiring, developing and retaining the best people to deliver innovative, world-class solutions for our clients. We foster an inclusive culture that enables everyone to achieve their full potential and enjoy a fulfilling career with us. Our comprehensive flexible benefits package and lifestyle policies enable our employees to balance their individual, family and work-life needs.

Learning and development

There’s an endless amount to learn at Capgemini, and an endless number of ways to do so. So, you’ll also have unique training opportunities to take advantage of. Some of our consultants even have the chance to go to Les Fontaine (near Paris, France), where we host a conference. Outside of dedicated training, everyone makes time to help and support one another - collaboration is encouraged across all of our teams.

Work/Life Harmony:

We understand that everyone has varied lives and we want you to have a great work-life balance. So, where possible, our Work Life Harmony policy will help you to work flexibly and juggle your work and home life.

CSR:

We’re also focused on using tech to have a positive social impact. So, we’re working to reduce our own carbon footprint and improve everyone’s access to a digital world. It’s something we’re really serious about. In fact, we were even named as one of the world’s most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute for the 9th year. When you join Capgemini, you’ll join a team that does the right thing.

Whilst you will have London, Manchester or Glasgow as an office base location, you must be fully flexible in terms of assignment location, as these roles may involve periods of time away from home at short notice.

We offer a remuneration package which includes flexible benefits options for you to choose to suit your own personal circumstances and a variable element dependent grade and on company and personal performance.

In order to commence a role with Capgemini UK plc you will be required to provide documentary proof prior to joining the Company that you are entitled to live and work in the UK.
More information is at available at: https://www.capgemini.com/gb-en/service/invent/
About the job
Sustainability and Energy Analyst - Nordic Speaking

(Nordic Speaking is a requirement for this role)

Longevity Partners is a multi-disciplinary energy and sustainability consultancy and investment business. Established in 2015 to support the transition to a low carbon economy in the UK, Europe and worldwide, we have since grown to a multi-million leading advisory firm with offices in London, Paris, Amsterdam, Munich, New York, Austin and San Francisco.
Our clients are among the world's largest real estate investors, leaders in their sectors and seeking excellence in carbon neutrality. Longevity Partners assists its clients with European and global portfolios with services ranging from ESG Strategy definition, assistance and advisory in international reporting, green building certification and large-scale carbon reduction implementation.

Longevity Partners is a dynamic firm, made up of young and innovative teams with diverse backgrounds. As part of its development, Longevity Partners is looking for a Sustainability Analyst in our UK office (PLEASE NOTE NORDIC SPEAKING IS REQUIRED)
THE SUSTAINABILITY ANALYST IS RESPONSIBLE FOR:
Undertaking a range of environmental assessments using third-party assessment methodologies such as BREEAM, LEED, and WELL;
Liaising with client stakeholders to develop the criteria for the delivery of the desired environmental assessment rating;
Conducting BREEAM BIU and BNC Pre-Assessment and providing design advice;
Producing evidence requirements for BREEAM credits;
Preparing gap analysis report / schedule to improve asset-level ESG performance;
Managing own resourcing to meet project deadlines;
Producing reports and providing advice and guidance to clients and project teams;
Attending site visits to review progress against sustainability targets;
Arranging and attending meetings, taking minutes and distributing actions;
Completing relevant training to become certified as an assessor against one of the core assessment methodologies;
Assisting with pitches and tenders.
THE SUCCESSFUL INDIVIDUAL WILL HAVE:
The ability to manage multiple on-going assignments simultaneously;
Knowledge of various ESG topics relevant to the real estate investment sector at the European and global level;
Excellent numerical ability, and thorough experience of data analysis;
Ability to work as part of a team and on own initiative;
Ability to produce structured, concise and meaningful reports, summarising results and justifying conclusions, containing very technical information
Excellent IT skills, including a good knowledge of Excel;
Excellent research and analytical skills;
Preferably a master's degree in Environmental Sciences / Economics or a related subject;
Fluency in English and Nordic Speaking
About the job
Job Description

WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU

Financial Reward: Competitive salary, annual profit share, contributory pension, share options, car leasing scheme, free onsite parking, tax-free technology scheme, shopping discounts and much more
Work / Life Balance: 35 hour week and Friday afternoons off, hybrid working, flexible working, option to buy/sell holiday
Personal Development: Personalised development plan, Airbus Leadership University and unlimited access to 10,000+ E-learning courses, internal mobility including international opportunities
Health & Wellbeing: Bupa health insurance, wellbeing benefits (including 24/7 online GP and mental health support), discounted family health / dental insurance / eye tests, cycle-to-work scheme, on-site coffee shop
Family and Caregiving: Life assurance, enhanced pay for maternity, paternity, adoption and shared parental leave and caregiving

SECURITY CLEARANCE: Eligibility to gain UK SC Security Clearance

TRAVEL REQUIRED: Frequent travel within UK and some internationally

LOCATION: Broughton

Our world is changing. And so are we. From our commitment to zero-carbon flight (#ZEROe) to cleaning up space, sustainability is at the heart of our purpose. So what's your next change?

An exciting opportunity has become available to lead the Airbus Energy Management team in the UK. In this mission, you will be responsible for all aspects of energy management in line with the Airbus Energy Management System. You will drive continuous improvement through energy efficiency optimisation and innovation through new investment proposals, all with the goal of securing energy supply and driving improved performance in line with Airbus sustainability ambition.

You will lead the Airbus UK Energy team which is based across multiple sites and divisions, whilst acting as the UK representative within the transnational Energy Management network.

How You Will Contribute To The Team

Lead and develop the Energy team and wider UK network
Define, implement and monitor Energy and CO2 improvement roadmaps, through proposed coordinated delivery of Energy saving projects
Benchmark, investigate and experiment with new technologies and best practices
Manage the Energy Management System (EnMS) according to the Airbus standard
Manage operational activities; utilities management, energy supply delivery points, energy supply reporting and submissions, both internal and external

About You

Degree or equivalent in Energy / Environmental management or related area
Demonstrated experience working in the energy management field
Fluent in English verbally and written
Financial management experience
Project Management skills

How We Can Support You

Many of our staff work flexibly in many different ways, including part-time. Please talk to us at interview about the flexibility you need and we’ll always do our best to accommodate your request.

Please let us know if you need us to make any adjustments for the selection process – you can share this with your Talent Acquisition Partner if you are invited to interview. Examples may include (but not exclusive to) accessible facilities; auxiliary aids; room layout, etc. Any information disclosed will be treated in the strictest confidence.

This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company’s success, reputation and sustainable growth.

Company

Airbus Operations Limited

Contract Type

Permanent Contract / CDI / Unbefristet / Contrato indefinido

Experience Level

Professional / Expérimenté(e) / Professionell / Profesional

Job Family

Leadership

By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.

Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.

Airbus is, and always has been, committed to equal opportunities for all. As such, we will never ask for any type of monetary exchange in the frame of a recruitment process. Any impersonation of Airbus to do so should be reported to emsom@airbus.com.

At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
About the job
A career in PwC Strategy&’s EUR team will provide you with the opportunity to participate in an exciting and rapidly changing energy landscape, develop industry-leading sector, technical and management skills, rapidly shape and advance your career and be part of a diverse, energetic, friendly community.

About The Role

As a Manager in Strategy&, you will play a central role in solving the most critical strategic problems of leading energy companies. You will have the opportunity to drive transformational business change, working closely with Executive clients, Directors and Partners and leveraging PwC’s global network. You will also have the opportunity to work closely with the Deals and Delivering Deal Value (DDV) team, assisting both Corporate and Private Equity clients in commercial due diligence and transformational challenges driven by Merger and Acquisition (M&A) activity.

You will spend the vast majority of your time delivering client projects. In these which you will lead 1-2 workstreams, either independently or managing junior colleagues and clients. You will engage in hypothesis-led problem-solving, development of project approaches, execution of qualitative and quantitative analysis, client engagement and collaboration with the team.

Outside of engagements, you will build networks and engage with our sector consulting team, generate thought leadership, new propositions and initiatives based on your personal interests and insights; and drive your own personal development and that of your colleagues to deliver ever more value to clients.

Strategy& offers in-depth training across all consulting levels and will support your development throughout your career. Using a combination of formal training programs, on-the-job feedback and guidance from your allocated career coach, we support our Managers to develop exceptional leadership analytical thinking, specialist technical and sector knowledge and relationship skills.

Key responsibilities as a Manager

Shaping, planning and executing complex strategic workstreams as part of client projects, with support from Senior Managers, Directors or Partners.
Developing the hypotheses and insights to unlock challenging client problems.
Undertaking analysis, translating the analysis into useful findings and quality assuring the results in conjunction with project leadership.
Developing clear, persuasive and concise documents for Executive audiences.
Building productive and lasting client relationships at all levels.
Leading data gathering required to solve complex problems in a short timeframe.
Managing the development of junior team members on projects and identifying opportunities for them to grow and build their skills.
Building relationships within the PwC Network and proactively contributing to internal, firm-building activities.
Dealing effectively with ambiguous and unstructured problems and situations.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.

Requirements

Extensive Energy sector (Power including new energies, Utilities, Oil & Gas, energy regulators) experience in Strategy Consulting, Business/Corporate Strategy or Operations teams
Deep focus on one or more of Corporate or business unit strategy, Growth Strategy, Operating Transformation, Capabilities Development, Strategic Cost Reduction and Digital Disruption
Ability to lead self and others, in particular, experience in managing teams and coaching others to high performance
Experience in contributing to functionally, geographically and culturally diverse teams
Ability to apply top-down strategic thinking to complex, ambiguous and unfamiliar problems
Demonstrated ability to work with quantitative data and structuring quantitative analysis
Outstanding oral and written communication skills, including demonstrated experience in communicating with senior Executives in oral and written form
Ability to quickly and confidently develop relationships, including in challenging situations
Educated to graduate level in Economics, Mathematics, Business, Science or Engineering or equivalent

Not the role for you?

Did you know PwC offers flexible career arrangements and contract work? Learn more.

The Skills We Look For

The PwC Professional is our global framework for defining and encouraging leadership at all levels. Learn more.

The Deal

‘The Deal’, our firmwide Employee Value Proposition’ empowers our people to be the best they can be. Learn more.

Our commitment to you

We’re committed to building a culture that empowers all of our people to thrive and feel a sense of belonging at PwC. Learn more.

Application support

If you’re a person with a disability, if you’re neurodivergent, or if you have a condition that you believe may affect your performance during our selection process, we’ll be happy to make reasonable adjustments to our processes for you. Learn more.

Consulting
About the job
Description

ENGIE is a global leader in low-carbon energy supply and services. Along with over 100,000 employees worldwide, customers, partners and stakeholders, we are committed to accelerating the transition to a carbon-neutral world through more energy efficient and environmentally friendly solutions.

ENGIE’s 1,000 employees in the UK are actively engaged in helping the Group reach net-zero carbon by 2045. We have been active in the UK energy market for over 20 years and our investments are in renewable energy (solar, wind, hydro, biogas) and storage, whilst supplying energy to organisations of all sizes. Some of our major businesses include First Hydro and Storengy.

We are shaping the future of responsible business by reconciling economic performance with a positive impact on people and the planet. If you’re excited about making an impact, we invite you to join our journey to build tomorrow’s low carbon energy systems and meet the challenges of climate change.

ENGIE are recruiting for an Electricity Demand Forecasting Analyst-to be based in Leeds This is a permanent/temporary full time working 37 hours per week. Working is flexible in relation to office attendance (1-2 days per week) and standard office hours (8:30am - 5pm Monday to Thursday, 8:30am – 4:30pm Friday) are expected. On offer is a competitive salary, bonus and benefits package.

Key Accountabilities:


Production of accurate and timely electricity demand forecasts for supply customer consumption(HH and NHH) and export site production, including wind and solar farms
Development of forecasting models for different customers/customer types with a view to improve forecasting performance
Ensure customers are appropriately set up in relevant forecasting systems and maintenance of portfolio data
Management of customer consumption data
Analysis of forecasting performance
Analysis of Bank Holiday and other shutdown periods and implementation of agreed forecast strategy
Ensure line loss factors are updated within forecasting systems as necessary
Implementation of TRIAD forecasting/notification and reporting
Adherence to internal processes and risk frameworks

Qualifications

Knowledge, Skills and Qualifications required:


Proven ability to organise and produce work under tight deadlines
Statistical analysis would be advantageous
Degree level (or equivalent) in a relevant discipline or proven relevant industry experience
Ability to work within tight deadlines
Able to demonstrate a practical approach to problem solving
Strong analytical skills
Microsoft Office proficient, VBA skills would be advantageous

For more information about ENGIE, please visit: http://www.engie.com/en/candidates-area/

For this role, you must have evidence of the right to work in the UK. There is no re-location package offered with this role.

Engie is an equal opportunities employer and our goal is to impact lasting change through our actions. Together, we unite for equality and equity. If you are interested in applying, we encourage you to think broadly about your background for the role.

The ENGIE Resourcing Team supports this job advert. Agency involvement is not required. All related enquiries must come to the resourcing team not direct to ENGIE Managers.
About the job
Contract Type

Permanent

Work pattern

Full time

Position Location

Hinckley, United Kingdom; Croydon, United Kingdom

Job Description

The Energy unit is looking for a Senior Consultant to work within our oil & gas advisory team. Reporting to the team leader this role sits within our Gas and Liquids advisory business line which is part of our Energy Unit and will be responsible primarily for managing project delivery, using previous technical experience as well as providing input to proposals.

Key Activities Will Include

Managing the delivery of one or several projects, ensuring adherence to Mott MacDonald's quality assurance system
Leading interface with clients and internal workstreams
Managing risk and mitigation
Preparation of reports and deliverables
Providing input including in-depth research, analysis, evaluations and assessments, preparation of studies
Involvement in proposals and supporting submissions for new opportunities
Collaboration with colleagues across the wider Mott MacDonald Group and with third parties

Candidate Specification

The Ideal Candidate Would Have

Degree-qualified in an Engineering discipline, in particular Mechanical or Chemical Engineering
Able to develop excellent client relationships through project delivery and build further business
Experience of delivering technical planning and feasibility studies and due diligence for owners and lenders
Relevant past experience in the oil, gas and petroleum industry with demonstrable interest in energy and gas transition driving decarbonisation
Demonstrated capability in some of the following technologies:
Gas related technologies (FSRU, LNG, LPG, CNG, Hydrogen, Ammonia) and infrastructure (onshore/offshore)
Gas transportation and storage systems and distribution
Liquids product storage terminals,
Sustainable fuels
Self-motivated and diligent, with an ability to work to tight deadlines, on simultaneous assignments
Attentive to detail, an active listener, with a strong aptitude for the wider picture
Excellent written and verbal communication (English)
Prepared to travel, sometimes at short notice, as required by projects and/or new business opportunities

It will also be beneficial for the applicant to have:

An Engineering or Finance related Masters degree
Chartership or working towards it
Ability to speak Spanish or French advantageous

Job Profile

One of the largest employee-owned companies in the world, Mott MacDonald is a multisector consultancy providing engineering, management, and development services on projects in 150 countries. With over 16,000 of the best people working on a diverse range of challenges, we’re helping our clients deliver sustainable infrastructure and development solutions. Together, we are opening opportunities with connected thinking.

Benefits

We can offer:

Pension matched up to 7%
Competitive annual leave and the option to purchase additional annual leave
An annual professional institution subscription
Life insurance
Enhanced parental leave
Annual company performance bonus scheme – Subject to company performance
Flexible benefits scheme to suit you, including cycle to work & Interest free season ticket loans etc.

Other Information

Equality, diversity and inclusion

We put equality, diversity and inclusion at the heart of our business, seeking to promote fair employment procedures and practices to ensure equal opportunities for all. We encourage individual expression in our workplace and are committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone feels they have the opportunity to contribute.

If you have a disability and would prefer to apply in a different format or would like us to make reasonable adjustments to enable you to apply or attend an interview, please contact us at reasonable.adjustments@mottmac.com and we will talk to you about how we can assist.

Agile working

At Mott MacDonald, we believe it makes business sense for you and your manager to choose how you can work most effectively to meet your client, team and personal commitments. We embrace agility, flexibility and trust.

More About Mott MacDonald

We’re a global engineering, management and development consultancy.

Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients’ businesses, our communities and employee opportunities.

A fundamental part of this is respecting each person’s differences and striving to meet their needs.

Our values: progress, respect, integrity, drive, excellence

Job Ref

61629BR

Recruiter Contact

Abhijeet Barpanda

Country

United Kingdom

Region/State

England - Midlands, England - North East, England - Outer London

Discipline

Energy

Sector

Energy

Website Region

Europe and Central Asia

Website Sector

Energy
About the job
Do you have experience covering the US Energy market? Do you have current/previous experience as an Analyst/Trader/Economist/PM or similar and want to explore your research and add significant value?

Miryco are currently working with a fantastic company in huge growth mode due to consistent performance, niche market positioning and high quality, profitable output.

The company deliver real-time analysis and insight on global financial markets to a broad client base which includes traders, portfolio managers, economists and strategists on both the buy-side and sell-side.

This role would suit an individual with strong analytical capabilities who is ambitious and enjoys working in a fast-paced environment. The team is rapidly expanding, with experienced analysts and former traders drawn from the investment banking, hedge fund and macro research industries.

Responsibilities:
Providing real-time analysis of the global energy markets.
Interaction with clients during the trading day.
Working closely with the senior energy analysts and chief economist.
Contributing to regular thematic research.
Developing new analytical tools and research products.
Developing market connections and managing existing relationships

Experience
Minimum: 2:1 undergraduate degree a relevant discipline.
1-5 years’ experience covering energy markets preferred.
Able to deliver insightful and actionable analysis in a pressured real-time environment.
Team player with strong collaboration skills.

Location: London

Hours: 10:30am – 7:30pm

“Please note, our client is unable to offer sponsorship for this opportunity. Finally, should you not be contacted within five working days of submitting your application, then unfortunately you have not been shortlisted for the opportunity. We will however, be in touch should there be any other opportunities of potential interest that are suiting to your skills.“
About the job
At Capgemini Invent, we bring to life what’s next for our clients.
By combining strategy, technology, data science, and creative design expertise with an inventive mindset, we partner with our clients to innovate and transform their business, helping them navigate today, while plotting a course for the future.

About Capgemini Invent

As the digital innovation, design and transformation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in more than 36 offices and 37 creative studios around the world, it comprises a 12,000+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand experts and technologists who develop new digital services, products, experiences and business models for sustainable growth.
Capgemini Invent is an integral part of Capgemini, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 325,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fuelled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2021 global revenues of €18 billion

Get The Future You Want

As a globally renowned technology and digital leader, we have the responsibility, the ambition, and the means to contribute to solving major societal questions that are shaping our future world. Invent for Society aims to value how social impact is part of the fabric of what we do.
See what it’s like to work at Capgemini Invent, visit our Glassdoor page

An overview of the role:

You will work on high profile, impactful projects which will help our clients deliver scalable energy infrastructure to help the UK transition to a low carbon, sustainable future. Our consultants bring Nuclear and/or Asset Intensive Industry experience, a strong business improvement skillset, an understanding of how digitisation of core Capital Project delivery processes can reduce the total cost of ownership for mega projects and deliver on shareholder commitments.
We work collaboratively with clients at all levels of an organisation and across all stages of the asset lifecycle to help them define the key foundations and capabilities to set up their capital project and asset operations for success. Starting with the end in mind, we blend deep industry insight with the use of emerging technologies and techniques to help our clients create a digital workforce and more integrated ways of working. We move from ‘idea to action’ quickly and build confidence along the digital journey to help our clients successfully deliver critical energy infrastructure.
Many of our clients are some of the largest asset intensive organisations in the Energy & Utilities Sector, who own and operate vast asset portfolios globally. We help them to reduce their total cost of ownership and improve their asset availability, through the use of digital enablers and operations improvements.
The work:

No matter the project or customer, your work will have a meaningful impact on society, businesses and lives. It’s really rewarding. And it’s also really varied. You’ll potentially work on a huge variety of projects (some larger than others), so you could gain lots of experience in a short amount of time.

Collaboration and Innovation:

We really believe in creating a partnership with our customers. Using our Accelerated Solutions Environment (ASE), you’ll get to know the customer’s needs and challenges, demo innovative solutions and quickly solve problems. It’ll help you discover unexpected answers together.

Why this role?

You will help our clients design and develop solutions which digitise and optimise processes across the value chain, from engineering design through to successful commissioning and handover to asset operations. You will form part of an experienced and flexible project delivery team who have real life industry transformation experience, helping clients to realise benefits and transform processes, operations and behaviours which will lead to improved efficiency, improved customer experience and improved business outcomes.

Key activities include:

• Leadership of workstream teams
• Ownership and delivery of workstreams within transformation programmes
• Definition of client strategy, delivery roadmap and investment case. You will help develop business cases for the deployment of asset technology solutions and support clients in making value-based scope decisions.
• Definition of future business and organisation models whilst developing an integrated view of people, technology and information impacts
• Define project scope and objectives, facilitate workshops to define and prioritise requirements, agree outcomes and programme risks.
Why you?

You will have experience working in a consultancy or deploying internal improvement initiatives within an organisation, and a strong understanding and experience in asset and material management. You will understand the industry best practice to support clients in the optimisation of construction and operational asset management programmes.

In addition, you’ll have the following specific experience:

• Shaping, managing and delivering projects in Nuclear, Oil and Gas, or other Asset Intensive industries, preferably working for a consulting firm
• Developing strategies or business cases for asset optimisations and improvement
• Identifying business requirements and translate them into scalable solutions
• You will be aware of Asset Management standard and policies e.g. ISO 55000
• Experience with one of the leading EAM packages
• You will have experience of developing asset management capabilities within an organization and maturing an organisations approach to asset management (For example the introduction of reliability centred maintenance/ GIS / mobility)

Why us?

The Energy and Utilities sector team at Capgemini Invent comprises of deep industry expertise at a national and global level. Coupled with our heritage of leading some of the largest industry digital transformations, we have the unique position of being able to offer our clients both industry thought leadership and proven experience in end-to-end digital delivery. We strive to understand our client’s business needs as well as individual motivations, forming long term strategic partnerships.

Diversity:

Capgemini positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. We are committed to hiring, developing and retaining the best people to deliver innovative, world-class solutions for our clients. We foster an inclusive culture that enables everyone to achieve their full potential and enjoy a fulfilling career with us. Our comprehensive flexible benefits package and lifestyle policies enable our employees to balance their individual, family and work-life needs.
Learning and development

There’s an endless amount to learn at Capgemini, and an endless number of ways to do so. So, you’ll also have unique training opportunities to take advantage of. Some of our consultants even have the chance to go to Les Fontaine (near Paris, France), where we host a conference. Outside of dedicated training, everyone makes time to help and support one another - collaboration is encouraged across all of our teams.
Work/Life Harmony:

We understand that everyone has varied lives and we want you to have a great work-life balance. So, where possible, our Work Life Harmony policy will help you to work flexibly and juggle your work and home life.

CSR:

We’re also focused on using tech to have a positive social impact. So, we’re working to reduce our own carbon footprint and improve everyone’s access to a digital world. It’s something we’re really serious about. In fact, we were even named as one of the world’s most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute for the 9th year. When you join Capgemini, you’ll join a team that does the right thing.

Whilst you will have London, Manchester or Glasgow as an office base location, you must be fully flexible in terms of assignment location, as these roles may involve periods of time away from home at short notice.

We offer a remuneration package which includes flexible benefits options for you to choose to suit your own personal circumstances and a variable element dependent grade and on company and personal performance.

In order to commence a role with Capgemini UK plc you will be required to provide documentary proof prior to joining the Company that you are entitled to live and work in the UK.
More information is at available at: https://www.capgemini.com/gb-en/service/invent/
About the job
Job Description
Suffolk County Council, Ipswich IP1 2BX
£30,151 - £32,909 per annum (pro rata for part time)
37 hours per week (part time working will be considered)
Fixed term - 3 years (project)

We are committed to flexible working, so please read the Job and Person Profile to find out about the types of flexible or part time working available for this role.

We welcome applications from everyone. We particularly welcome applications from disabled people, people from minority ethnic groups and people from a minority sexual orientation group because they are under-represented in this Directorate.

Job Details

An opportunity has arisen for an Environment and Energy Assistant Project Manager in the council’s Environment Strategy Team, a dynamic group of professionals committed to supporting the council’s response to the Climate Emergency based at Endeavour House, 8 Russell Road, Ipswich, IP1 2BX.
Do you have the skills and experience to support large multi agency, energy efficiency retrofit projects that will allow Suffolk residents to reduce fuel poverty and carbon emissions?
Do you have excellent communication and interpersonal skills to work effectively with partner organisations and private contractors at all levels?
Are you passionate about delivering environmental improvements and improving the lives of Suffolk residents?

The council has set challenging targets to achieve net zero emissions by 2030 for its own operations. It is also committed to collaborate with partner organisations to deliver the Suffolk Climate Emergency Plan with projects that support carbon reduction within individual homes, communities and businesses, supporting Suffolk’s transition to a net zero carbon economy.

The Project Officer role will:
work with the Project Manager to develop and deliver a programme of fuel poverty reduction measures to Suffolk residents
identify and prioritise fundable works that will reduce fuel poverty
project manage small scale works, liaising with partners, the public and contractors
collect and analyse information on homes and communities that likely benefit from funding
support effective performance management and reporting key indicators
represent the county council and other local authorities at routine meetings with the public, contractors and external organisations on issues related to domestic energy efficiency and fuel poverty
contribute to service development and improvement.

The Team

The Environment Strategy Team is responsible for leading the council’s work to respond to the Climate Emergency to develop projects that support staff to make the changes required to achieve net zero emissions by 2030. The team collaborates with other public sector organisations, the voluntary sector and private businesses across Suffolk to support projects that deliver carbon reductions in communities, businesses, and individual households which is guided by the recently published Suffolk Climate Emergency Plan.

You will be presented with excellent opportunities to build professional networks and relationships across a broad spectrum of organisations and disciplines. All team members are committed to improvement of the service and empowered to innovate and deliver their own ideas.

Please take a look at the Growth, Highways and Infrastructure annual plan 22-23 to see what we are involved in GHI annual plan 2022/23 - 1 (pagetiger.com)

We will offer you
the chance to work with a team of dedicated and supportive professionals using your project management skills to tackle the Climate Emergency and the opportunity to develop your own projects
support and funding to achieve academic and professional qualifications to expand and improve your skills
the opportunity to make a positive difference for the people and environment of Suffolk
a comprehensive staff benefits package, including salary sacrifice lease cars holiday/retailer discounts and access to the Local Government Pension Scheme
the opportunity to work flexibly combining home working and an office base.

Travel And Workplace Requirements

We positively encourage the use of technology to communicate and engage, but on occasions, there may be a requirement for you to travel using reasonable and suitable means available to you. If you require a reasonable adjustment due to a disability to meet the travel requirements of this role, please speak with the contact detailed below.

This role supports hybrid working, a broadly even balance between working from home and working from an office base. Please speak with the contact detailed below if you wish to discuss how that might impact your working arrangements.

For further information

For an informal discussion about this role, please contact Matthew Ling (he/him) at: 07732 404718 or: matthew.ling@suffolk.gov.uk

To apply please ensure
you read the Job and Person Profile (JPP) , before applying for this job opportunity
your statement indicates how you meet each of the criteria in the ‘Person Profile’ section of the JPP.

Closing date: 11.30pm, 29 January 2023.

Interview date: 21/22 February 2023.

This authority is committed to safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children, young people and vulnerable adults and expects all staff and volunteers to share this commitment. DBS checks or police vetting will be required for relevant posts.

About Us

We offer a fantastic, inclusive working environment including diverse and active staff networks, great flexible working options and many benefits, as well as the opportunity to improve the lives of Suffolk residents.

Benefits include:
Performance-related annual pay progression, in addition to an annual cost-of-living pay increase
The opportunity to join a large, diverse organisation, with career opportunities across our services
A supportive culture, underpinned by our WE ASPIRE values
Access to the Local Government Pension Scheme (LGPS)
Up to 28 days annual leave entitlement, plus UK bank holidays and two paid volunteering days
An occupational sick pay scheme
Learning and development opportunities, including a range of work-based apprenticeships
Flexible working options, with the right to request flexible working from your first day
A range of staff networks centred around equality groups
Plus more

If you would like to know more about our benefits, values and equality commitments please visit our Working for Suffolk County Council pages (www.Suffolk.gov.uk/careers ) .

Organization

How To Apply

Step 1 - read the advert and the Job and Person Profile (JPP).

Step 2 – write your supporting statement using the template on the link below (other formats may not be accepted)

Step 3 – click ‘Apply Now’ to start your online application

Step 4 – complete the online application, uploading your supporting statement on the final page (without a supporting statement, your interest will not be progressed)
You should use the Supporting Statement template and your statement must clearly indicate how you meet the criteria in the ‘Person Profile’ section of the (JPP).
Please use Arial font size 11 and keep your statement to a maximum of two sides of A4.
If you would like an adjustment to this process due to a disability, please contact us at 03456 014412 or recruitment@suffolk.gov.uk .

For more information, check out the How to Apply section of our Career Site .
About the job
Why Arup?

Arup’s Energy, Water & Resources (EWR) team hosts a diverse range of experts undertaking work in the transition and zero carbon sector with access to civil, structural and geotechnical engineers; seismic, blast and fire analysts; structural analysts, security, architects and advisors. Our energy clients include Governments, regulators, new build developers and site licence companies.

The London Energy Hub includes energy specialist advisors working right across the built environment including in renewables, hydrogen, transitional fuels and city energy resilience. They provide a collaborative working environment with multi-disciplinary designers, engineers, consultants and advisors coming together to deliver projects across the energy sector.

The Opportunity

To support our growth in low / no carbon energy, Arup is seeking an Energy Lead to join our EWR Team in London and become an integral part of the London Energy Hub, with experience of engineering project management and delivery at a senior level within the energy sector.

The successful candidate will be expected to lead on positioning for, winning and delivering work in the energy sector including the management of multi-disciplinary teams of designers, engineers and advisors. As part of the Energy Hub and the wider expertise across EWR London, the successful candidate will also be expected to collaboratively support bidding and delivering work within their insight and expertise.

As this is a senior role in the business, the successful candidate is expected to provide influence in establishing the right culture and behaviours, and strategically position Arup externally with clients in the energy sector to establish market position and increase the breadth and range of services we supply. As Energy Lead you will provide strategic insight and understanding of client organisations and critical drivers, ideally with a background of working at a senior level within a complex client organisation. You will h ave a focus on working with the Energy Leadership to support continued growth in the UK and transforming the energy team, and will be the strategic integrator for complex technical projects, including governance, assurance, quality and efficient delivery.

Is this role right for you?

You Will

The successful candidate will bring in-depth knowledge from the energy sector with demonstrable leadership background in major engineering projects and programmes.

Be appropriately qualified in steering work in the energy sector in your areas of expertise with multiple energy clients, as well as in leading energy design, engineering and /or advisory projects.
Bring a track record of delivering complex technical projects and programmes.
Be self-starting and able to operate effectively in an Arup stakeholder environment developing strong relationships with clients and partners, Arup team members and the wider Arup management.
Have experience in directing teams and individual technical and personal development.
Possess proven capability to win and deliver work in area of expertise and grow high performing teams in these area.

Rewards And Benefits

We care about you and want you to perform at your best, which is why we offer one of the most competitive benefits packages in our sector.

As a member organisation, everyone shares in our success through a global profit share scheme (payments are dependent on the firm’s financial performance).

We also provide Private medical insurance, Life assurance, Accident insurance and Income protection cover. In addition, you’ll have access to flexible benefits to help you look after all aspects of your wellbeing and give you the freedom and flexibility to find the best solutions for you, your family, and your individual needs.

Different people, shared values.

At Arup, we believe when talented people collaborate, great things are possible. Arup hires people with proven skills and open minds. We are taking deliberate action to create an inclusive culture that is grounded in our purpose to shape a better world.

At Arup, we welcome candidates from all backgrounds, regardless of age, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, socioeconomic background, and any other protected characteristic. Our internal employee networks - BAME, Culture, Disability, LGBTQ+ and Women - provide a space for you to express your views and to make a positive difference - discover more about life at Arup here.

At Arup, we are committed to making all stages of our recruitment process accessible to candidates with disabilities. Please speak to our recruitment team and we will work with you to make reasonable adjustments to ensure you can perform at your best throughout your application.

At Arup, we appreciate that everyone’s circumstances are different and having the freedom to flex the way we work is essential to our wellbeing. If flexibility matters to you let us know when you apply, and we will discuss how this could work in your role.

Our Application Process

To understand what to expect next, please visit our UK Application Process page.

Stay safe online - Arup will never ask for payment or your bank details as part of our recruitment process.

REF:EN
About the job
Job Description

WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU

Financial Reward: Competitive salary, annual profit share, contributory pension, share options, car leasing scheme, free onsite parking, tax-free technology scheme, shopping discounts and much more
Work / Life Balance: 35 hour week and Friday afternoons off, hybrid working, flexible working, option to buy/sell holiday
Personal Development: Personalised development plan, Airbus Leadership University and unlimited access to 10,000+ E-learning courses, internal mobility including international opportunities
Health & Wellbeing: Bupa health insurance, wellbeing benefits (including 24/7 online GP and mental health support), discounted family health / dental insurance / eye tests, cycle-to-work scheme, on-site coffee shop
Family and Caregiving: Life assurance, enhanced pay for maternity, paternity, adoption and shared parental leave and caregiving

SECURITY CLEARANCE: Eligibility to gain UK SC Security Clearance

TRAVEL REQUIRED: Frequent travel within UK and some internationally

LOCATION: Broughton

Our world is changing. And so are we. From our commitment to zero-carbon flight (#ZEROe) to cleaning up space, sustainability is at the heart of our purpose. So what's your next change?

An exciting opportunity has become available to lead the Airbus Energy Management team in the UK. In this mission, you will be responsible for all aspects of energy management in line with the Airbus Energy Management System. You will drive continuous improvement through energy efficiency optimisation and innovation through new investment proposals, all with the goal of securing energy supply and driving improved performance in line with Airbus sustainability ambition.

You will lead the Airbus UK Energy team which is based across multiple sites and divisions, whilst acting as the UK representative within the transnational Energy Management network.

How You Will Contribute To The Team

Lead and develop the Energy team and wider UK network
Define, implement and monitor Energy and CO2 improvement roadmaps, through proposed coordinated delivery of Energy saving projects
Benchmark, investigate and experiment with new technologies and best practices
Manage the Energy Management System (EnMS) according to the Airbus standard
Manage operational activities; utilities management, energy supply delivery points, energy supply reporting and submissions, both internal and external

About You

Degree or equivalent in Energy / Environmental management or related area
Demonstrated experience working in the energy management field
Fluent in English verbally and written
Financial management experience
Project Management skills

How We Can Support You

Many of our staff work flexibly in many different ways, including part-time. Please talk to us at interview about the flexibility you need and we’ll always do our best to accommodate your request.

Please let us know if you need us to make any adjustments for the selection process – you can share this with your Talent Acquisition Partner if you are invited to interview. Examples may include (but not exclusive to) accessible facilities; auxiliary aids; room layout, etc. Any information disclosed will be treated in the strictest confidence.

This job requires an awareness of any potential compliance risks and a commitment to act with integrity, as the foundation for the Company’s success, reputation and sustainable growth.

Company

Airbus Operations Limited

Contract Type

Permanent Contract / CDI / Unbefristet / Contrato indefinido

Experience Level

Professional / Expérimenté(e) / Professionell / Profesional

Job Family

Leadership

By submitting your CV or application you are consenting to Airbus using and storing information about you for monitoring purposes relating to your application or future employment. This information will only be used by Airbus.

Airbus is committed to achieving workforce diversity and creating an inclusive working environment. We welcome all applications irrespective of social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation or religious belief.

Airbus is, and always has been, committed to equal opportunities for all. As such, we will never ask for any type of monetary exchange in the frame of a recruitment process. Any impersonation of Airbus to do so should be reported to emsom@airbus.com.

At Airbus, we support you to work, connect and collaborate more easily and flexibly. Wherever possible, we foster flexible working arrangements to stimulate innovative thinking.
About the job
Deadline for application: 13 February 2023

WBCSD is the premier global, CEO-led community of over 200 of the world’s leading sustainable businesses working collectively to accelerate the system transformations needed for a net zero, nature positive, and more equitable future.

We do this by engaging executives and sustainability leaders from business and elsewhere to share practical insights on the obstacles and opportunities we currently face in tackling the integrated climate, nature and inequality sustainability challenge; by co-developing “how-to” CEO-guides from these insights; by providing science-based target guidance including standards and protocols; and by developing tools and platforms to help leading businesses in sustainability drive integrated actions to tackle climate, nature and inequality challenges across sectors and geographical regions.
Our member companies come from all business sectors and all major economies, representing a combined revenue of more than USD $8.5 trillion and 19 million employees. Our global network of almost 70 national business councils gives our members unparalleled reach across the globe. Since 1995, WBCSD has been uniquely positioned to work with member companies along and across value chains to deliver impactful business solutions to the most challenging sustainability issues.

Together, we are the leading voice of business for sustainability, united by our vision of creating a world in which 9+ billion people are living well, within planetary boundaries, by mid-century.

Guided by WBCSD’s Vision 2050, the Energy Pathway work aims to create a sustainable energy system which provides reliable and affordable net-zero carbon energy for all. The speed at which the energy system will be decarbonized will critically influence our ability to limit the rise in global temperatures to 1.5°C. Projects in the Energy Pathway bring together forward-thinking companies across value chains to design a net-zero carbon, nature positive and equitable energy transformation as well as scale innovative business models for low-carbon energy solutions.

Job Overview
The Energy Pathway team is hiring a full-time Senior Associate to lead “Tackling Inequality in Energy Value Chains”, which is a designated workstream at the intersection of the Energy Pathway and Equity Imperative in WBCSD.

The Senior Associate will work with internal and external stakeholders to research emerging trends and identify key areas for business action in the context of realizing a more equitable energy value chain. This will involve leveraging insights being developed by WBCSD’s Business Commission to Tackle Inequality and exploring their relevance and implications for the energy sector. A key component of the work over the first 6 months will be the framing and design of the workstream, developing suitable content and proposals for action with and for WBCSD member companies. The topic is broad and multifaceted and as such will require input from various internal and external stakeholders to determine key deliverables, which may include reports, webinars, blogs, workshops, conference events and policy advocacy action.

The Senior Associate will be part of the larger Energy Pathway team as well as the Equity Action team within WBCSD and can expect to, occasionally, also work on other energy or equity related projects.

The benefits of working at the intersection of the Energy and Equity teams include:
Gaining exposure to an exciting, evolving and crucial societal challenge, namely the just transition to a net-zero energy system
Helping shape real-world action via high-profile WBCSD member companies
Learning from experienced professionals in the fields of energy and equity in a global setting
Developing a wide network of professional contacts in the field of energy, equity and sustainability
Being part of a dynamic, supportive team with a clear purpose

Responsibilities and duties
Independently research the topic and strive to become a subject matter expert in due course, with support from other WBCSD staff working on the topic, with the aim of;
Defining the scope and deliverables for the workstream “Tackling Inequality in Energy Value Chains” in 2023 (and beyond)
Developing a project work plan with clear milestones, deliverables and stakeholder engagements
Support the line manager and Director with relevant decision making
Drive the actions defined in the project work plan with support from WBCSD and member company staff
Support the development of communication material and social media engagement, as required
Build and maintain relationships with external stakeholders to drive collaborative action e.g., key NGOs/IGOs in the space
Plan and host engagement events with WBCSD member companies, partnering organisations and key internal stakeholders
Develop briefs and write briefings for the Director (or other senior WBCSD staff) for speaking roles in various external events

Qualifications Skills and Experience
Education: University degree level education, preferably in a relevant discipline (energy, economics, sustainability, human rights )
General experience:
Professional experience or demonstrated interest in the global energy landscape, with a specific focus on inequality topics, such as the just transition or human right due diligence
Experienced in researching, critical analysis and writing of reports, blogs, articles and summaries for a variety of audiences
Experience of studying, working or volunteering on an international basis (e.g., to deal with different languages, time zones and cultural expectations)
Organization and coordination skills:
Capacity to work independently by setting priorities, project planning and managing a variety of ad hoc demands simultaneously, identify and proactively address problems and work to changing deadlines
Managing a variety of internal and external stakeholders simultaneously
Knowledge of, and demonstrated skills in communication (communication tools such as PPT and social media); database management (proficient with database management software’s such as Salesforce) and events organization (excellent organisational skills)
Communication skills:
Professional fluency in English (written and spoken) is critical
Writes convincingly in an engaging and expressive manner with clear language and in a well-structured and logical way
Structures and presents information to meet the needs of the intended audience
Proficient user of PowerPoint and able to produce and design professional slide packs
Characteristics:
Naturally curious to understand the opportunities and barriers for the just energy transition and passion to convey this message to diverse audiences.
Team player and ability to work effectively with diverse partners/stakeholders
Driven to act and deliver
Persevering and behaving diplomatically in environments where stakeholders may have very different views and preferences

The position is full-time and based in either Amsterdam, London, Singapore or New York, but will also require occasional international travel.

WBCSD is a purpose driven, forward-thinking and action-oriented organization, characterised by diversity of gender, nationalities and work experiences.

The Work Environment
WBCSD offers a competitive, modern, and flexible working arrangement.
Geneva-based organization with offices in Amsterdam, Beijing, London, New Delhi, Singapore and New York City.
Competitive compensation and benefits.
State-of-the-art facilities and ICT-enabled working tools.
Flex-time and part-time possibilities.
Dynamic working atmosphere.
Open culture encouraging interaction and sharing of ideas and opinions.
Sustainable commuting incentives.

Please also note that WBCSD will only respond to candidates selected for the interview process.
About the job
A career in PwC Strategy&’s EUR team will provide you with the opportunity to participate in an exciting and rapidly changing energy landscape, develop industry-leading sector, technical and management skills, rapidly shape and advance your career and be part of a diverse, energetic, friendly community.

About The Role

As a Manager in Strategy&, you will play a central role in solving the most critical strategic problems of leading energy companies. You will have the opportunity to drive transformational business change, working closely with Executive clients, Directors and Partners and leveraging PwC’s global network. You will also have the opportunity to work closely with the Deals and Delivering Deal Value (DDV) team, assisting both Corporate and Private Equity clients in commercial due diligence and transformational challenges driven by Merger and Acquisition (M&A) activity.

You will spend the vast majority of your time delivering client projects. In these which you will lead 1-2 workstreams, either independently or managing junior colleagues and clients. You will engage in hypothesis-led problem-solving, development of project approaches, execution of qualitative and quantitative analysis, client engagement and collaboration with the team.

Outside of engagements, you will build networks and engage with our sector consulting team, generate thought leadership, new propositions and initiatives based on your personal interests and insights; and drive your own personal development and that of your colleagues to deliver ever more value to clients.

Strategy& offers in-depth training across all consulting levels and will support your development throughout your career. Using a combination of formal training programs, on-the-job feedback and guidance from your allocated career coach, we support our Managers to develop exceptional leadership analytical thinking, specialist technical and sector knowledge and relationship skills.

Key responsibilities as a Manager

Shaping, planning and executing complex strategic workstreams as part of client projects, with support from Senior Managers, Directors or Partners.
Developing the hypotheses and insights to unlock challenging client problems.
Undertaking analysis, translating the analysis into useful findings and quality assuring the results in conjunction with project leadership.
Developing clear, persuasive and concise documents for Executive audiences.
Building productive and lasting client relationships at all levels.
Leading data gathering required to solve complex problems in a short timeframe.
Managing the development of junior team members on projects and identifying opportunities for them to grow and build their skills.
Building relationships within the PwC Network and proactively contributing to internal, firm-building activities.
Dealing effectively with ambiguous and unstructured problems and situations.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.

Requirements

Extensive Energy sector (Power including new energies, Utilities, Oil & Gas, energy regulators) experience in Strategy Consulting, Business/Corporate Strategy or Operations teams
Deep focus on one or more of Corporate or business unit strategy, Growth Strategy, Operating Transformation, Capabilities Development, Strategic Cost Reduction and Digital Disruption
Ability to lead self and others, in particular, experience in managing teams and coaching others to high performance
Experience in contributing to functionally, geographically and culturally diverse teams
Ability to apply top-down strategic thinking to complex, ambiguous and unfamiliar problems
Demonstrated ability to work with quantitative data and structuring quantitative analysis
Outstanding oral and written communication skills, including demonstrated experience in communicating with senior Executives in oral and written form
Ability to quickly and confidently develop relationships, including in challenging situations
Educated to graduate level in Economics, Mathematics, Business, Science or Engineering or equivalent

Not the role for you?

Did you know PwC offers flexible career arrangements and contract work? Learn more.

The Skills We Look For

The PwC Professional is our global framework for defining and encouraging leadership at all levels. Learn more.

The Deal

‘The Deal’, our firmwide Employee Value Proposition’ empowers our people to be the best they can be. Learn more.

Our commitment to you

We’re committed to building a culture that empowers all of our people to thrive and feel a sense of belonging at PwC. Learn more.

Application support

If you’re a person with a disability, if you’re neurodivergent, or if you have a condition that you believe may affect your performance during our selection process, we’ll be happy to make reasonable adjustments to our processes for you. Learn more.

Consulting
About the job
Energy and Sustainability Consultant - Manchester Area

Torque Consulting is currently seeking an Energy and Sustainability Consultant, for a market leading business who are expanding rapidly.

Great Benefits such as company car and health care with clear progression.

The role will be working for fast-paced business focused on providing top quality sustainability and environmental advice and assurance to a wide variety of sectors. Offering support, advise and audit Energy and Sustainability evidence for a variety of clients and design teams with upwards of 20 projects on the go at any one time across the UK.

The ideal candidate will be recognised as a self-starter, with a positive attitude and excellent communication skills, able to take on responsibility for client management and project delivery.

If you can demonstrate experience in Energy and sustainability sector with proven project management and business development skills this is the perfect role for you.However for someone who is degree qualified with minimal experience full training will be provided and the opportunity to train up to chartership is on offer.

Energy and Sustainability Consultant Requirements:

A background in Energy Assessments
Design/Modelling
Feasibility Reports for Renewable Installation
Energy Qualifications (Beneficial)
Design PV Systems
Experience with producing energy preformance Certificates

Benefits of this Energy Consultant role:

Contributory Pension Scheme
Life Assurance
A flexible benefits programme including the option to buy additional holidays and private health care
Regular training and career development
Working from home and flexible working hours
Company car allowance of 5k

If you are suitable then please apply below and we can arrange a call to discuss.Torque Consulting is a leading supplier of recruitment and headhunting services into the Engineering, Aerospace, Automotive, Defence, Oil & Gas, Technology and Life Sciences. We pride ourselves on providing a service that leaves the personal touch while ensuring efficiency. If the position is not entirely suited to your professional experience, location, or financial expectations, please get in touch with a member of our team to find out about other opportunities. Both Torque Consulting and our client are equal opportunity employers and value diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
About the job
Gresham Hunt are recruiting on behalf of a leading Global Energy Supplier based in London.

They are looking to hire a Carbon Analyst, who will keep track of changes in regulations related to carbon and convert them into quantitative assumptions.

Learning from a manager with over 20 years of experience, you will apply your numerical background to supporting decarbonisation goals. Alongside this, the role will provide you with an understanding of policies such as the European Union Emissions Trading System (EU ETS).

As no prior experience is required, this role is an excellent opportunity for a recent graduate with a passion for sustainability.

The firm operate a hybrid working model of 3 days a week in the office.

Responsibilities:
Develop the EU ETS emissions from power model, ensuring it is maintained and accurate
Use an in-house stack model as a foundation for analysis
Build a model for emissions to cover sectors including industry, maritime and heating
Assist the Data Team in incorporating new data sources
Develop trade ideas and price predictions for European Union Allowances (EUAs)

Requirements:
MSc or above in a numerical discipline (Data Science/Financial Mathematics/ Financial Engineering/ Physics)
Knowledge of advanced statistical modelling techniques
Passion for supporting sustainable practices
Experience using Python and SQL
Strong communication skills, including the ability to break down technical concepts

For more information, please submit your CV below.

Alternatively to hear about all of my current roles, please contact me on lewis.clarke@greshamhunt.com.
About the job
Carbon and Climate Change Consultant - Commodities and Energy Trading Industry

Overview

We set out to build the world’s most trusted consulting firm – creating lasting impact for clients and pioneering a positive, people-first way of working. We work with everyone from FTSE 100 names to bright new start-ups, in every sector.

You’ll find us collaborating shoulder-to-shoulder with our clients, from the big picture right down to the detail: helping them define their strategy, deliver complex change, spot the right commercial opportunities, manage risk or bring their purpose and sustainability goals to life. Our clients love how we get to know what makes their businesses tick – slotting seamlessly into their teams and being proudly geeky about solving their challenges.

We have hubs in Europe, the US, Asia and Australia, and we work all around the world – from a wind farm in Wyoming to a boardroom in Berlin. Find us wherever there’s a challenge to be tackled and an impact to be made.

Baringa believe that diversity is paramount to driving creativity, innovation, and value for our clients and for our people, and creating an environment where everyone feels a sense of belonging is central to our culture.

What will you be doing?

As Part Of The Continued Growth And Development Of Our Energy And Commodity Trading Consulting Services We Are Interested In Individuals Who Can Bring Delivery And Advisory Experience And Expertise In All Or Some Of The Following Areas

You are passionate about helping clients to deliver leading edge technology solutions.

Carbon Markets & Trading: advising our clients on market entry assessment and planning for both compliance and voluntary carbon markets. As well as understanding clients existing capabilities and modelling the business cases to enter new markets.
Energy Transition: advising our clients on new challenges and changing market conditions as well as designing and implementing systems and processes to support their transition towards lower carbon operations and projects, and overall net zero objectives.
Carbon Emission Measurement, Management and Reduction: helping our clients to assess their current carbon footprint and identify the opportunities and actions needed to better manage and reduce their emissions.
Operating Model & Digital: helping our clients to adjust their operating model to reflect net zero ambitions whilst remaining true to your broader commercial strategy. This includes embed carbon management into daily operations and leverage new digital and data technologies to make emissions data visible across the organization.

So, what are we looking for?

The professionalism of our colleagues, partnership approach to engagement and comprehensive package has created a truly unique consultancy. We believe in genuine partnerships and create client relationships, informed by results. If you want to be part of this entrepreneurial environment and want to help make a difference to our business, your opportunity is now!

Here Are Few Of The Areas Of Knowledge We Are Looking For Within Applying Candidates

We are looking for a candidate passionate about trading, climate change and/or the energy transition.

Education

A Bachelor’s/ Master’s Degree with a demonstrated record of academic excellence in Business Management, Sustainability, Environmental Science, or Economics preferred.
Candidates with commensurate experience will also be considered

Industry Skills

Relevant 3+ yrs. experience within Commodity Trading.
A deep understanding of the drivers of climate change, how they impact the energy transition and how these impact upon the operational, commercial, and strategic options available to commodities traders when shaping their portfolio growth.
Contribute insights into carbon markets, demonstrating expertise of voluntary and compliance standards, understanding of generation and certification/verification of various carbon credits such as EU/UK ETS, RGGI, RINs.
Regulatory/ controls landscape associated with carbon trading operations, including control and process design, risk management, re-design and/or mitigation related activities.
Understand key concepts of market and credit risk in relation to commodity trading (Risk capital, VaR, PFE, stress test, liquidity forecasts).
Front/middle office operations experience and demonstrable experience of process improvement and operational excellence initiatives.
Experience/awareness in data architecture and/or data engineering and/or data science experience.
Assessing life cycle and scope of greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) products and/or services.
Climate and sustainability-related disclosure standards/guidance such as TCFD, GRI, SASB and SBTi amongst other.

Consulting Skills

Demonstrate interest in carbon trading sector through education, work or extra-curricular experience.
The ability to take ownership and deliver results in client-facing environments.
Excellent communication and presentation skills and a track record of effective team working.
Project / delivery experience within a management consultancy, or an internal transformation / change function within industry.
Strong analytical skills, and ability to develop innovative business solutions based on effective processes and focused on business value outcomes.
Self-starter - The ability to take ownership and deliver results in challenging, client-facing environments.
The ability to take ownership and deliver results in challenging, client-facing environments.
Familiarity with carbon climate change and alternatives.
Ability to work flexibly across subjects and geographies.

So, what's in it for you?

Well, it’s up to you. Baringa is what you make it.

Promotion is solely based on your own performance, and we give you every opportunity to progress by having four promotional reviews a year
We’re proud to put people first with wellbeing at the forefront of our culture, one example of this is that every employee receives £300 a year to put towards their wellbeing! In 2022 this was recognised in our #1 ranking in the UK’s Great Place To Work 'Best Workplaces for Wellbeing'.
All employees participate in the Baringa Group Profit Share Scheme, which seeks to ensure that everyone has a stake in the success of the company.
We recognise everyone needs a well-deserved break - As such we have introduced the ‘Re-charge’ benefit meaning Baringa will offer all employees an additional 2 weeks of paid leave after 5 years continuous service.
Lastly, we recognise the importance of work-life balance and we know that the ‘ideal’ balance will vary from person to person and will change at different stages of our working lives. If you require flexible working, please talk to one of our Recruiters about the flexibility you may need.

Diversity & Inclusion

All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nationality, disability, age, faith or social background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

We would like to actively encourage applications from those who identify with less represented and minority groups. We do not filter applications by university background and encourage those who have taken alternative educational and career paths to apply.
About the job
FX Plus has made a very strong commitment to carbon management and has ambitious targets for achieving net zero emissions; our two University Partners have also declared a climate emergency to support those calling for urgent action and to show commitment to leading the change required. To allow us to achieve our ambitions in this area we are looking to recruit a Carbon & Energy Manager to work across our Penryn and Falmouth Campuses.

The role will lead on carbon management and developing our carbon reduction programme to achieve our net zero aspirations. The role will involve coordinating all aspects of carbon management with a view to scope 1 and 2 carbon reduction. This will be achieved through the use of renewable and sustainable energy resources and by developing and delivering the carbon reduction programme and associated projects.

The role will proactively monitor utility consumption and emissions and take responsibility for the financial management and projections of utility costs. The role will lead the utility procurement and supplier review process, including liaising with the FX Plus energy broker to agree levels of risk in forward purchasing of energy. This post will be the professional lead for FX Plus on carbon and energy management, providing advisory and management services.

The role is supported by highly-skilled estates team, with the successful candidate having the autonomy to develop the area to ensure the right outcomes are achieved.

Reporting into the Head of Estates Operations the successful candidate will be an astute professional able to take the lead on carbon management and be at the forefront in managing a range of stakeholder groups. It is a varied role which will require the successful candidate to show a real depth of ability, both in on-going utility management and in developing the carbon programme; this is likely to include PV systems, Wind Turbine, installing electric vehicle charging points, BMS optimization and heat decarbonisation works including heat pumps.

The ideal candidate will have:

Substantial experience in carbon management and developing scope 1 and 2 emission reduction programmes.
Extensive experience in analysing energy usage and complex data.
A detailed understanding of energy and carbon related legislation.
A degree in an energy, engineering, environmental or other relevant subject; or demonstrable equivalent experience. Holding a relevant professional membership is highly desirable. (e.g., MEI, MCIBSE, etc).

For further details on the skills/experience required for this role, please see the full job description.

This post is offered on a 37.5 hour a week, full time, permanent position working across Monday-Friday.

If you are looking to have an informal discussion about the vacancy ahead of applying, please email Head of Estates Operations, chris.piper@fxplus.ac.uk.

The closing date for this position is Sunday 29 January 2023.

As an employer of choice we can offer the successful candidate for this role a range of benefits, including:

Employer Pension Contribution up to 10%.
28 days + 8 days bank holiday.
Life Assurance
Subsidised Gym Membership
Enhanced Maternity/Paternity Pay
Perkbox

Alongside these benefits we offer a first class working environment across our campuses with all the facilities you would expect from working across two leading Universities.

Falmouth Exeter Plus welcomes and encourages job applications from people of all identities and backgrounds, particularly those under-represented and/or marginalised, as it is important we have a diverse range of candidates to consider.
About the job
A career in our Treasury and Commodities practice, within Risk Assurance Compliance and Analytics services, will provide you with the opportunity to assist clients in developing analytics and technology solutions that help them detect, monitor, and predict risk. Using advanced technology, we’re able to focus on establishing the right controls, processes and structures for our clients to ensure that decisions are based on accurate information and assure that information provided to third parties is accurate, complete, and can be trusted. Our team helps organisations assess, design, and implement improvements to their core treasury activities. We focus on optimising the day to day processes of treasury and cash transformation, commodity risk management and technology, currency risk management, accounting and regulation, cash management, and controls.

Our Team

The world of Treasury and Commodities is changing. With ever changing business, financial, and regulatory environments our clients are asking for ever more challenging support. Our expertise includes advice on technology/ trading enablement solutions, system architecture, financial instruments, risk management, hedging strategies and derivatives, and helping clients set up and improve their operational and risk management functions.

PwC’s Treasury and Commodities team provides a full range of commodities support to clients across non-bank financial services businesses, trading businesses and leading multinational corporations. Our teams provide these specialist services across a wide geographical area, including the UK, Europe and the Middle East.

In the UK, we have the Global Firms largest concentration of expertise including those with a background as Business Analysts, Treasurers, Risk Managers, Traders, IT Specialists and Finance professionals.

About The Role

We are embarking on a number of ETRM (Energy Trading Risk Management) programmes with our clients to modernise their system landscape.

If you are a business analyst with a proven ability to deliver business process and IT solutions in commodities/ energy trading, this role will provide you with an opportunity to shape a greenfield, or upgrade, Endur implementation. In turn, you will have the opportunity to develop your knowledge across the trade lifecycle, for different commodities. You will be able to enhance your network of Endur delivery capabilities with a number of PwC’s leading energy clients.

Responsibilities

Your role will vary depending on your specific areas of expertise and our clients’ needs, however you will typically perform the following day to day activities:

Assisting with planning, delivery, and assurance of your workstream’s business analysis deliverables.
Driving scope for a workstream. You will assist in assessing the risks, feasibility, opportunities, and business impacts of various solution options.
Solving issues for your clients, or escalating to a Senior Manager when required.
Although you will report to a Senior Manager, you will take the opportunity to lead and own elements of the project wherever possible.
You will generate innovative approaches to existing problems and new opportunities.
Stakeholder management - building relationships with stakeholders, keeping them informed and managing expectations.
Sound analytical skills and change management capabilities

We are a supportive and cooperative team, committed to helping our people develop. We empower and trust our people to work independently, providing coaching and guidance as needed. We work closely with other teams within PwC and you will be encouraged to develop a network of relationships with clients and more broadly across the firm. You’ll work as part of a team and may also have the opportunity to travel within the UK and abroad, as we provide services to many multinational companies.

Our team is a great place to work for those who are looking for an exciting new challenge and who enjoy working with varied and interesting clients across the assurance and advisory domains.

Required Skills

As a Senior Associate BA you will require the following skills, experience and knowledge:
Experience of energy trading markets, with an understanding of one of the following markets considered an advantage: European Power, European Gas and/ or Environmental products.
Understanding of the end-to-end project lifecycle. Agile project delivery experience is considered an advantage.
Experience in shaping processes and solutions, including capturing business problems, value drivers, and functional/ non-functional requirements.
A working knowledge of trade lifecycle across different trading instruments would be an advantage, including:
Physical trading and operations
OTC – Including forwards, swaps, and simple options
Exchange traded futures & options
The ideal candidate will have:
Some configuration experience of ETRM/ CTRM applications, in particular Endur.
Technical configuration including scripting (highly desirable).
Some knowledge of at least one of the following functional areas:
Trade capture - complex deal modelling and pricing
Market Risk
Risk Valuation
Back-Office processes
Risk

Risk is all around us and in our complex world, is changing all the time. Our teams bring people from diverse backgrounds together, using their skills and cutting-edge technology, to help solve complex problems. We are pioneers in a world of changing risk and our market leading services build resilient organisations. Join us and together, we can support our clients to rethink risk.

Not the role for you?

Did you know PwC offers flexible career arrangements and contract work? Learn more.

The Skills We Look For

The PwC Professional is our global framework for defining and encouraging leadership at all levels. Learn more.

The Deal

‘The Deal’, our firmwide Employee Value Proposition’ empowers our people to be the best they can be. Learn more.

Our commitment to you

We’re committed to building a culture that empowers all of our people to thrive and feel a sense of belonging at PwC. Learn more.

Application support

If you’re a person with a disability, if you’re neurodivergent, or if you have a condition that you believe may affect your performance during our selection process, we’ll be happy to make reasonable adjustments to our processes for you. Learn more.

Risk
About the job
About the job
At Capgemini Invent, we bring to life what’s next for our clients.
By combining strategy, technology, data science, and creative design expertise with an inventive mindset, we partner with our clients to innovate and transform their business, helping them navigate today, while plotting a course for the future.

About Capgemini Invent

As the digital innovation, design and transformation brand of the Capgemini Group, Capgemini Invent enables CxOs to envision and shape the future of their businesses. Located in more than 36 offices and 37 creative studios around the world, it comprises a 12,000+ strong team of strategists, data scientists, product and experience designers, brand experts and technologists who develop new digital services, products, experiences and business models for sustainable growth.
Capgemini Invent is an integral part of Capgemini, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of 325,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fuelled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2021 global revenues of €18 billion

Get The Future You Want

As a globally renowned technology and digital leader, we have the responsibility, the ambition, and the means to contribute to solving major societal questions that are shaping our future world. Invent for Society aims to value how social impact is part of the fabric of what we do.
See what it’s like to work at Capgemini Invent, visit our Glassdoor page

An overview of the role:

The primary role involves helping clients to shape, guide and deliver leading edge customer experience / digital transformation programmes. You will help our clients to identify, map and improve the customer journey, guide them through complex change roadmaps, helping them to balance business change with technology change in a way that delivers benefits, and delights their customers and engages the business.
Energy Transition is now king with decarbonisation the priority in energy generation with a push to renewables and the huge growth in Smart meters and demand side management forcibly changing the way energy is consumed. As a result, we are seeing a significant increase in demand for our successful Customer Experience Consultants. We have built a successful track record of delivering leading edge and award winning transformational digital change.


The work:

No matter the project or customer, your work will have a meaningful impact on society, businesses and lives. It’s really rewarding. And it’s also really varied. You’ll potentially work on a huge variety of projects (some larger than others), so you could gain lots of experience in a short amount of time.

Collaboration and Innovation:

We really believe in creating a partnership with our customers. Using our Accelerated Solutions Environment (ASE), you’ll get to know the customer’s needs and challenges, demo innovative solutions and quickly solve problems. It’ll help you discover unexpected answers together.

Why this role?

This is a period of intense change in the UK Utilities sector. Energy Retail is going through significant changes with many new entrants with cheaper business models, increasing Government scrutiny, a battle to win consumer trust and a rush to diversify services to maintain relevance and profitability.
You will leverage digital customer experience technologies (CRM in particular) to provide significant opportunities for our clients to outperform the market. You will bring your experience in customer experience and service to drive innovation into everything we do, including defining new solutions, finding new ways to engage and collaborate, and deploying agile ways of delivering change.

Why you?

You’ll bring experience in Customer Experience Transformation Delivery ideally in Utilities, Asset Intensive regulated industries or customer-centric organisations such as Retail, Financial Services and Telecommunications. You may already be a Management Consultant; however, you may be working within a Utilities company or Customer Service organisation.

You’ll have a blend of the below experience:

• Customer - advising and delivering on customer strategy and operating model, omnichannel customer experience transformation, channel mix strategy and channel optimisation.
• Digital customer experience platform and associated technologies – identifying opportunities to exploit technology, defining solutions and integrating these with business, customer and operations.
• Customer Service – experience in contact centres or customer facing roles
• Customer Operations - defining new ways of working, new processes, new operating models and organisation designs. Working with utilities mobile workforce to define solutions that meet their needs. Working with senior and middle management to understand how they can better operate their businesses.
• Experience in managing and delivering in small to medium sized teams working with multiple and varied stakeholders at different seniority levels to deliver tangible positive outcomes.
• Experience in using standard Business Change and Change adoption techniques and approaches
• User Experience – ensuring our clients deliver great experience to both their customers and their employees

Why us?

The Energy and Utilities sector team at Capgemini Invent comprises of deep industry expertise at a national and global level. Coupled with our heritage of leading some of the largest industry digital transformations, we have the unique position of being able to offer our clients both industry thought leadership and proven experience in end-to-end digital delivery. We strive understand our client’s business needs as well as individual motivations, forming long term strategic partnerships.

Diversity

Capgemini positively encourages applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, or pregnancy and maternity. We are committed to hiring, developing and retaining the best people to deliver innovative, world-class solutions for our clients. We foster an inclusive culture that enables everyone to achieve their full potential and enjoy a fulfilling career with us. Our comprehensive flexible benefits package and lifestyle policies enable our employees to balance their individual, family and work-life needs.

Learning and development

There’s an endless amount to learn at Capgemini, and an endless number of ways to do so. So, you’ll also have unique training opportunities to take advantage of. Some of our consultants even have the chance to go to Les Fontaine (near Paris, France), where we host a conference. Outside of dedicated training, everyone makes time to help and support one another - collaboration is encouraged across all of our teams.

Work/Life Harmony:

We understand that everyone has varied lives and we want you to have a great work-life balance. So, where possible, our Work Life Harmony policy will help you to work flexibly and juggle your work and home life.

CSR:

We’re also focused on using tech to have a positive social impact. So, we’re working to reduce our own carbon footprint and improve everyone’s access to a digital world. It’s something we’re really serious about. In fact, we were even named as one of the world’s most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute for the 9th year. When you join Capgemini, you’ll join a team that does the right thing.

Whilst you will have London, Manchester or Glasgow as an office base location, you must be fully flexible in terms of assignment location, as these roles may involve periods of time away from home at short notice.

We offer a remuneration package which includes flexible benefits options for you to choose to suit your own personal circumstances and a variable element dependent grade and on company and personal performance.

In order to commence a role with Capgemini UK plc you will be required to provide documentary proof prior to joining the Company that you are entitled to live and work in the UK.
More information is at available at: https://www.capgemini.com/gb-en/service/invent/
About the job
Position Overview

The Analyst or Senior Analyst , Distributed Clean Energy Analytics is responsible for powering our ability to develop strategies and implement solutions for clients to pursue distributed energy resources (DERs) and distributed generation (DG), such as solar, storage, fuel cells, and community solar based on the client’s financial and sustainability goals. To enable our growing distributed energy advisory practice, the Manager will outline and develop process efficiencies for our broader team. This includes, but isn’t limited to, best-in class financial modeling practices and tariff rate analysis support throughout multiple states, ISOs/RTOs, and utilities in North America, as well as process optimization as it pertains to databases that include incentives and policy.

Through the knowledge of renewable energy and distributed energy, paired with database and software experience, the ideal candidate will help to create efficiency gains for our advisory practice from a modeling, forecasting, and technology perspective. Ultimately, this new position will help to continue our growth and build the foundation for more efficient ways of working as it pertains to large portfolios of distributed energy.

The team member will utilize and improve upon internal or external resources and models to provide the highest quality products and services to current and future clients. These products and services will focus on local or regional generation assets (such as onsite solar, battery storage, and community solar).

Essential Functions:

Lead high priority initiatives for the DER Commercial Advisory team including process improvements and analysis tool development.
Manage and build relationships with developers, suppliers and third-party providers of services for solar, storage, and other DER providers.
Utilize creativity and market intelligence to identify unique solutions across distributed generation that can be tailored to our existing and new clients.
Support presentations and project diligence material for clients through the lens of financial analysis and your understanding of energy markets.
Prepare financial and commercial analysis of various contract structures and scenarios based on client input and impacts of decision-making.
Work cross-functionally with the Energy Sourcing, Commercial, Market Insights & Analytics, and Energy Optimization teams to ensure cohesive and high-quality solutions to clients.

Job Requirements:

Market experience at any of the following: solar or storage developer, corporate renewable energy buyer/originator, energy consulting firm, corporate or institutional energy team, or utility
Ability to distill complex opportunities into actionable results through tool automation, process automation, and integration with software; coding and writing scripts to a reasonable level is required
Interest in and awareness of the distributed energy resources ecosystem, including key growth categories of solar, storage, electric vehicles, and other burgeoning technologies
Comprehensive understanding of wholesale and retail energy markets, renewable energy development and financing, and corporate energy procurement strategies
Strong Microsoft Excel skills; data visualization software such as Power BI

Education Requirements:

Bachelor’s Degree required, Advanced Degree or equivalent work experience preferred

Required Skills:

Must be a strong communicator, both in writing and in presentation skills, as the role involves collaboration and need for regular feedback on requirements
Must possess strong analytical skills to understand energy market fundamentals and translate data into practical solutions for the DER Commercial Advisory
Must be highly organized and able to manage multiple workstreams simultaneously
Ability to adapt and respond in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines while maintaining accuracy
Ability to balance competing demands and priorities due to the nature of the role, while working independently and as a team

Work Environment

Regular professional, office business setting
About the job
About the job
Community Energy Plus and the Bude Climate Partnership are recruiting a Low Carbon Energy Adviser to work as part of the Resilient Bude programme

Working primarily in Bude and Truro, Cornwall

Resilient Bude – Protecting Our Future
The Bude Climate Partnership is a group of local environmental and community organisations working together to develop positive community-led climate-change responses throughout the wider Bude area. The partnership has secured funding from the National Lottery Community Fund for a five-year programme, starting in January 2023, that aims to build climate resilience and reduce energy use and carbon emissions across the Bude area. It will galvanise every resident, business, and visitor across all communities to build resilience against the impact of climate change.

The Resilient Bude programme will deliver activities across a number of projects:
A Sustainable Tourism project
A Shoreline Resilience project
An Energy Efficient Homes programme
together with the establishment of
A Library of Things
A Community Growing project

The focus of the projects’ activities will be the Bude Community Network Area, which comprises 11
Town and Parish Councils in North Cornwall.

Awareness of all the funded projects is an essential part of the role of the Low Carbon Energy Adviser, but their day-to-day responsibility is to deliver the Energy Efficient Homes programme. This aims to help residents improve the energy efficiency of their homes as part of the community’s efforts to build resilience and reduce its carbon footprint.

Employed by Community Energy Plus, the Low Carbon Energy Adviser will be supported in their work by other Community Energy Plus team members and will assist in the delivery of work to address fuel poverty within the Bude area and in the wider area of northeast Cornwall.

Community Energy Plus is an award-winning social enterprise that provides complete energy answers to help householders in Cornwall enjoy warmer, energy efficient homes as part of a more sustainable future. Since 2022, it has been a partner in Bude Climate Partnership, details of which can be found at www.budeclimate.org.

Low Carbon Energy Adviser

We are recruiting a Low Carbon Energy Adviser to promote energy efficiency and to assist residents in the Bude Community Network Area in the transition to low-carbon lifestyles.

Working primarily in the Bude Community Network Area (3 days a week), this is a hybrid role, working flexibly from home and at least one day a week at our office at the Bude Tourism Information Centre. Engagement with the Community Energy Plus Advice team will require regular attendance at Community Energy Plus’ Truro office.

Community Energy Plus’ Energy Advisers are people who:
are committed to providing high quality advice services
are passionate about making a lasting difference for the people we serve
have an approachable outlook and can communicate with people of all backgrounds
are flexible and can take a collaborative approach to teamwork
are prepared to learn new skills

Training will be provided to ensure the post holder has knowledge about energy management in a domestic setting that is essential for this role. All Energy Advisers working with Community Energy Plus are required to hold City & Guilds 6281 Level 3 certification in Energy Awareness. Appropriate training will be given if this qualification is not held prior to appointment.

Contract:
Ideally, this is a full-time role (35 hours per week), but we are open to part time working arrangements with the right individual. A minimum of 28 hours / 4 days a week for this role is required.
The post-holder will be employed by Community Energy Plus to work for three days a week on Bude Climate Partnership’s Resilient Bude project, mostly on its Energy Efficient Homes project but also half a day each week helping to establish a Library of Things The remaining 1–2 days each week will be spent supporting Community Energy Plus’ Advice team, and our clients in the north and east of Cornwall.
Potentially, some evening and weekend working will be required.

Duration:
The Resilient Bude project is funded for five years.

Location:
Working primarily in the Bude Community Network Area (3 days a week), this is a hybrid role, working flexibly from home and at least one day a week at our office at the Bude Tourism Information Centre. Engagement with the Community Energy Plus Advice team will require regular attendance at Community Energy Plus’ Truro office.

Salary: Annual gross salary starting at £25,708 (1 FTE) and rising to £26,829 on achievement of C&G award and completion of probationary period. Pay will be reviewed annually and we aim to increase the salary in line with inflation.

A workplace pension scheme will be arranged with an employer contribution of 3% of gross annual salary.

Annual leave: 25 days per annum plus bank holidays

Start date: As soon as possible

Further details:
Please email recruitment at cep.org.uk to arrange an informal chat about the role.

Application process:
Please email recruitment at cep.org.uk attaching your CV and a covering letter describing your motivations and suitability for the role; please note the expectations for the role set out in the following description. Note: as part of the assessment process, details of your application will be shared with project partners.
Please include in subject line of your email: Vacancy – Low Carbon Energy Adviser (Bude) and Your name.

Please submit applications before midnight on 29th January 2023

Interviews: Dates of interviews are to be confirmed but will be held in the week beginning 6th February.

Who we are looking for:

Working as part of the Resilient Bude project delivery team, the primary purpose of the role is to assist residents of the Bude Community Network Area to improve the energy efficiency of their properties and to make the transition to low carbon lifestyles.

The post-holder will work to provide advice and support to individual households enquiring about low carbon technologies, with the aim of
1. Demystifying the low carbon energy market and technologies.
2. Providing consumers with independent whole house assessments and advice to make informed choices about home improvements.
3. Helping consumers reduce the cost of carbon reductions through access to grants.

Attributes / competencies
Friendly, with excellent interpersonal skills
Technically knowledgeable and able to communicate easily with non-technical business owners and managers
Able to work well as part of a team, but also able to work independently
Methodical, organised, and self-motivated
Adaptable, tenacious and able to learn
Strong administrative skills with good attention to detail
Able to proactively identify potential issues and offers solutions
Effective writing skills with a particular emphasis on preparing and representing reports and plans
A competent user of Microsoft Office, (Word, Excel, Teams, and Outlook)

Essential Skills and experience
Very good verbal and written communication skills; able to communicate technical information to business owners and managers
Confident in speaking in professional settings, running workshops and giving presentations to small groups
Ability to work well under pressure and manage time effectively
Providing information accessibly in person, on the phone and by other media
Proven track record in understanding and delivering environmental improvements through energy and resource efficiency
Proven track record of supporting organisations/people to reduce carbon, waste and water demands
At least 2 years’ experience providing consumer advice services
An enhanced Disclosure and Barring Service certificate will be requested as part of the initial induction process
A full driving licence and access to a car is required. (Note: significant weekly mileage is anticipated with this role, the costs of which will be covered, but reliability of transport is important)

Essential qualifications & knowledge
BA or BSc Degree in a relevant subject
Knowledge of the energy sector in Cornwall
Knowledge of domestic energy efficiency, resource efficiency and low carbon technologies

Desirable Qualifications & knowledge
Understanding of the challenges for the transition to a low-carbon energy system
An understanding of current and forthcoming environmental legislation
Awareness of the reasons for and impacts of fuel poverty in Cornwall

What you can expect to be doing as part of the Resilient Bude team working as a Low Carbon Energy Adviser:

The advice Community Energy Plus’ Energy Advisers deliver to households includes:
identifying appropriate energy efficiency and insulation measures
assessing the adequacy of existing heating systems and options for low-carbon upgrades
providing advice about smart meters
making referrals to the funding schemes currently operating in Cornwall

The project will seek to identify the energy consumption and associated carbon footprint for each household engaged in this project using appropriate assessment tools. This assessment will be done before and after they receive advice, guidance and support, to track the achievements of the project.
The project will also collect evidence of how people have changed their lifestyles, behaviour, and attitudes because of their involvement with this Energy Efficient Homes programme, which will feed into the reporting on outcomes of the wider project.

The post-holder will:
Deliver a programme of advice clinics and public engagement events across the community
Signpost clients to local installers, and to financial support as and when it is available.
Assist in the delivery of certificated Carbon Literacy Trust training with project participants

The Low Carbon Energy Adviser will collaborate with and provide support to all members of the Resilient Bude team and look for ways to extend the reach of the Energy Efficient Homes project across the other projects.
As part of this joint working, the Low Carbon Energy Adviser will work with the Repair Café Bude on the establishment of a Library of Things
About the job
About the job
Centrica Energy Marketing & Trading (EM&T) is the trading arm of Centrica. We trade LNG, gas, power and energy attributes - and connect independent producers, suppliers and corporate off-takers in the wholesale energy markets.

Working within EM&T the Market Data Curves Analyst will support long-term energy commodity forward curve design, construction, validation and market curve data management.

The role holder will manage all related processes under responsibility including:

BAU Activity related to construction, validation and maintenance of market curve data management
Production and maintenance of long dated commodities curves from 3rd party suppliers used by the wider Centrica finance group for the valuation of long term assets
Assist in project-based work related to achieving the Curve Team Target Operating Model.

This is a London (close to Marble Arch) based role with hybrid working (2 - 3 days per week based out of our office).

Job Accountabilities:

Perform daily validation control of external price information to ensure quality and integrity
Act as a key contact with DataGenics and other vendors for the business at large
Liaise with multiple stakeholders to ensure clear scoping of curves library maintenance
Collaborate with off-shore external support teams to identify cause and resolution of any data feed issues into market database & ETRM systems
Provide help with ad-hoc analysis and query investigation.

The Person:

Ideally some Market Data experience
Experience in handling large volumes of data and able to analyse and maintain datasets
Modelling experience and / or commodities experience would be a benefit
Strong numerical and analytical skills
Effective communication and sense of accountability and ownership of deliverables
Intermediate - advanced level Excel/VBA and strong knowledge of MS Office applications
Ability and willingness to adapt to new challenges in a dynamic environment with shifting priorities
Proactive with a strong motivation to change and improve existing processes
Team Player
Problem Solving Skills
Ability to work under pressure and to tight deadlines.
About the job
Renewable Energy Analyst required for a £5b+ Turnover Energy Developer in the UK. Ideal candidate MUST have experience in a similar position - "Renewable Energy Analyst". Hybrid working - One day a week in the Office - client has Offices across the whole of the UK. Renewable Energy Research experience across the UK & Europe (ideally Southern Europe) is essential. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK.


Desired Skills and Experience

Renewable Energy Analyst required for a £5b+ Turnover Energy Developer in the UK. Ideal candidate MUST have experience in a similar position - "Renewable Energy Analyst". Hybrid working - One day a week in the Office - client has Offices across the whole of the UK. Renewable Energy Research experience across the UK & Europe (ideally Southern Europe) is essential. Candidates must be eligible to work and live in the UK.

ersg are an equal opportunities employer; we are committed to promoting equality of opportunity for all job applicants. We do not discriminate against applicants on the basis of age, sex, race, disability, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender reassignment or religious background; all decisions are based on merit.
About the job
Senior Energy Strategist / Analyst
A leading international bank is looking for a Senior Energy Analyst / Strategist to join their team in London. You will be part of a team that is focused on understanding the European energy complex in the wider economy.
Responsibilities:
Deliver research for the European Energy Market with strong focus on natural gas.
Produce supply and demand forecasts for European Energy complex.
Produce trade ideas for various teams.
Provide ad hoc support to key people within the business across Sales and Trading.
Key skills / Attributes:
Strong analytical experience in the Energy markets.
Ideally modelling skills and statistical analysis.
Willing to be London based
To apply please share a copy of your CV
About the job
A career in PwC Strategy&’s EUR team will provide you with the opportunity to participate in an exciting and rapidly changing energy landscape, develop industry-leading sector, technical and management skills, rapidly shape and advance your career and be part of a diverse, energetic, friendly community.

About The Role

As a Manager in Strategy&, you will play a central role in solving the most critical strategic problems of leading energy companies. You will have the opportunity to drive transformational business change, working closely with Executive clients, Directors and Partners and leveraging PwC’s global network. You will also have the opportunity to work closely with the Deals and Delivering Deal Value (DDV) team, assisting both Corporate and Private Equity clients in commercial due diligence and transformational challenges driven by Merger and Acquisition (M&A) activity.

You will spend the vast majority of your time delivering client projects. In these which you will lead 1-2 workstreams, either independently or managing junior colleagues and clients. You will engage in hypothesis-led problem-solving, development of project approaches, execution of qualitative and quantitative analysis, client engagement and collaboration with the team.

Outside of engagements, you will build networks and engage with our sector consulting team, generate thought leadership, new propositions and initiatives based on your personal interests and insights; and drive your own personal development and that of your colleagues to deliver ever more value to clients.

Strategy& offers in-depth training across all consulting levels and will support your development throughout your career. Using a combination of formal training programs, on-the-job feedback and guidance from your allocated career coach, we support our Managers to develop exceptional leadership analytical thinking, specialist technical and sector knowledge and relationship skills.

Key responsibilities as a Manager

Shaping, planning and executing complex strategic workstreams as part of client projects, with support from Senior Managers, Directors or Partners.
Developing the hypotheses and insights to unlock challenging client problems.
Undertaking analysis, translating the analysis into useful findings and quality assuring the results in conjunction with project leadership.
Developing clear, persuasive and concise documents for Executive audiences.
Building productive and lasting client relationships at all levels.
Leading data gathering required to solve complex problems in a short timeframe.
Managing the development of junior team members on projects and identifying opportunities for them to grow and build their skills.
Building relationships within the PwC Network and proactively contributing to internal, firm-building activities.
Dealing effectively with ambiguous and unstructured problems and situations.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.

Requirements

Extensive Energy sector (Power including new energies, Utilities, Oil & Gas, energy regulators) experience in Strategy Consulting, Business/Corporate Strategy or Operations teams
Deep focus on one or more of Corporate or business unit strategy, Growth Strategy, Operating Transformation, Capabilities Development, Strategic Cost Reduction and Digital Disruption
Ability to lead self and others, in particular, experience in managing teams and coaching others to high performance
Experience in contributing to functionally, geographically and culturally diverse teams
Ability to apply top-down strategic thinking to complex, ambiguous and unfamiliar problems
Demonstrated ability to work with quantitative data and structuring quantitative analysis
Outstanding oral and written communication skills, including demonstrated experience in communicating with senior Executives in oral and written form
Ability to quickly and confidently develop relationships, including in challenging situations
Educated to graduate level in Economics, Mathematics, Business, Science or Engineering or equivalent

Not the role for you?

Did you know PwC offers flexible career arrangements and contract work? Learn more.

The Skills We Look For

The PwC Professional is our global framework for defining and encouraging leadership at all levels. Learn more.

The Deal

‘The Deal’, our firmwide Employee Value Proposition’ empowers our people to be the best they can be. Learn more.

Our commitment to you

We’re committed to building a culture that empowers all of our people to thrive and feel a sense of belonging at PwC. Learn more.

Application support

If you’re a person with a disability, if you’re neurodivergent, or if you have a condition that you believe may affect your performance during our selection process, we’ll be happy to make reasonable adjustments to our processes for you. Learn more.

Consulting
About the job
Strategy Analyst

This is a great opportunity to join a reputable and leading renewable energy company in the UK to work on decarbonisation and energy projects.
Do you have strong problem-solving skills and previous exposure to strategy consulting? This could be the role for you

Strategy Analyst - What you'll do:

Provide quantitative and qualitative research and analysis in support of the company’s strategic projects
Working collaboratively across the business including finance, communications and regulation departments
Shaping and leading small projects
Researching and drawing insight from competitor strategies and actions, market movements and changes

Strategy Analyst - What you'll need:

An interest/exposure to issues around decarbonisation and energy
Experience applying quantitative and qualitative analysis tools and techniques to solve complex problems
Strategy consultingexperience with a sound understanding of the energy industry
Communication and presentation skills

Salary: Up to £40,000 plus benefits
Location: London

This is an exciting opportunity for the successful Strategy Analyst to join an organisation with a fantastic reputation making a real difference. Apply online today with an up-to-date CV and Cover Note explaining why you would be a good fit for the job.
About the job
Overview

We set out to build the world’s most trusted consulting firm – creating lasting impact for clients and pioneering a positive, people-first way of working. We work with everyone from FTSE 100 names to bright new start-ups, in every sector.

You’ll find us collaborating shoulder-to-shoulder with our clients, from the big picture right down to the detail: helping them define their strategy, deliver complex change, spot the right commercial opportunities, manage risk or bring their purpose and sustainability goals to life. Our clients love how we get to know what makes their businesses tick – slotting seamlessly into their teams and being proudly geeky about solving their challenges.

We have hubs in Europe, the US, Asia and Australia, and we work all around the world – from a wind farm in Wyoming to a boardroom in Berlin. Find us wherever there’s a challenge to be tackled and an impact to be made.

Baringa believe that diversity is paramount to driving creativity, innovation, and value for our clients and for our people, and creating an environment where everyone feels a sense of belonging is central to our culture.

What will you be doing?

Baringa has a leading energy system modelling capability, which supports our work on the energy transition and the development of economy-wide decarbonisation pathways. This capability allows us to develop sophisticated scenarios consistently across all sectors (including power generation, heating/cooling, industry and transport). We use this to support policy-makers on achieving net zero, energy and resources companies looking to understand strategic risks and opportunities, and firms across all sectors seeking to understand the transition that lies ahead. Our Global Transition Model is also a key component of our market-leading Climate Change Scenario Model, which we use to advise financial services clients on the risk that climate change poses on their assets.

We are now recruiting to grow our energy system modelling team to support our work across all sectors!

So, what are we looking for?

We Are Looking To Recruit Energy Systems, Transition And Market Modelling Experts With Some Or All Of The Following Types Of Expertise

Experience in energy system modelling, macro-economic modelling, and/or land-use modelling on a long term, fundamental basis.
A theoretical and practical understanding of optimisation and other Operations Research techniques that can be applied to long term system modelling.
Expertise in the development and use of long term fundamental scenarios for strategic planning and Net Zero delivery.
Experience building bespoke models to address client needs in energy markets.
An understanding of the data landscape that underpins such modelling.
Technical proficiency in AIMMS or similar optimisation software, Python, SQL databases, and visualisation tools.

If you are someone with some of the skills listed above and are passionate about the energy transition and climate change, we would love to hear from you!

So, what's in it for you?

Well, it’s up to you. Baringa is what you make it.

Promotion is solely based on your own performance, and we give you every opportunity to progress by having four promotional reviews a year.
We’re proud to put people first with wellbeing at the forefront of our culture, one example of this is that every employee receives £300 a year to put towards their wellbeing! In 2022 this was recognised in our #1 ranking in the UK’s Great Place To Work 'Best Workplaces for Wellbeing'.
Sustainability is at the heart of our business, as reflected in our recent B-Corp accreditation.
All employees participate in the Baringa Group Profit Share Scheme, which seeks to ensure that everyone has a stake in the success of the company.
We recognise everyone needs a well-deserved break - As such we have introduced the ‘Re-charge’ benefit meaning Baringa will offer all employees an additional 2 weeks of paid leave after 5 years continuous service.
Lastly, we recognise the importance of work-life balance and we know that the ‘ideal’ balance will vary from person to person and will change at different stages of our working lives. If you require flexible working, please talk to one of our Recruiters about the flexibility you may need.

Diversity & Inclusion

All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nationality, disability, age, faith or social background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

We would like to actively encourage applications from those who identify with less represented and minority groups. We do not filter applications by university background and encourage those who have taken alternative educational and career paths to apply.
About the job
Asset Manager – Renewable Energy Investment Platform


Do you have solar PV experience? In construction? In operations? In asset management? Then let’s have a chat …


You’d be joining a dynamic and highly successful international renewable energy company, with an exciting project waiting for you. They have acquired a 102MW “Ready to Build” solar project, so you’d be bridging the gap between the Construction and Asset Management teams to bring the project through delivery and into operation. From there, the project is yours to manage; this 102MW plant is your baby.


With a large solar portfolio, this also comprises onshore wind, offshore wind and co-located battery energy storage, so you’d gain exposure to all of these technologies.


Asset Manager Key Responsibilities:

- Assist Project Managers to monitor construction progress and quality
- Assess technical quality of components and subcontractors
- Assist Project Managers in the review and approval of solar plant performance tests
- Liaise and manage EPC contractors
- Attend site visits when necessary
- Asset performance simulation, measurement and reporting, and initiate any required remediation
- Monitor post-commissioning works
- Assist Project Managers with supply chain management


You would be offered a challenging position within an ambitious and well-funded platform. You would benefit from a flexible working policy, competitive remuneration and an office situated in a lovely area of London.


Click to apply if you have an up-to-date CV that you’re able to share. If not, please drop me an email at h.burke@mintselection.com to arrange a confidential, exploratory chat.


Asset Manager – Renewable Energy Investment Platform
About the job
Role: Graduate/Analyst LCA Consultant
Location: Flexible but preferred Harwell, Manchester, London, Bristol, Glasgow
Salary range: £21,000 - £31,000
Role ID: 2022-1687

Our vision is to create a safe and sustainable world
Ricardo plc is a global strategic, environmental, and engineering consulting company, listed on the London Stock Exchange. With over 100 years of engineering excellence and employing close to 3,000 employees in more than 20 countries, we provide exceptional levels of expertise in delivering leading-edge and innovative cross-sector sustainable products and solutions. Every day, we enable our customers to solve the most complex and dynamic challenges to help achieve a safe and sustainable world.

Energy & Environment, one of Ricardo plc's five operating business units, is a leader in sustainability consultancy, solving complex environmental challenges through industry-leading analysis, advice and data. With more than 40 years of heritage in addressing air quality, environmental and sustainability issues, our customers value us for our deep understanding and breadth of services covering the entire value chain from evidence, policy & strategy to implementation.

We are currently looking for an Analyst LCA Consultant to join our Sustainability team.

Purpose:
The sustainability team at Ricardo Energy & Environment helps clients to understand and then reduce their environmental and social impacts. A key tool in this process is life cycle assessment (LCA) which examines such impacts across the full life cycle of a product or service. We are seeking an intelligent and self-motivated graduate to join the sustainability team as an Analyst LCA Consultant. This role will provide the perfect first step into a consultancy career in an exciting and rapidly changing sector.

From day one you'll be part of a team supporting more senior consultants in delivering projects to clients. As an Analyst Consultant, you will produce research and analysis that underpins our consultancy work. You will manage your time across several projects, contributing in all phases - from supporting the preparation of proposals to win new contracts, through researching and analysing information and data and building LCA models, to contributing to reports that are delivered to clients. You will be responsible for the quality and delivery of your work, and liaise with other consultants to incorporate your contribution into wider project outputs.

We expect our Analyst Consultants to enjoy solving complex problems and to have, or be keen to develop, technical expertise in one of our fields, and will encourage this through project involvement and a graduate training programme.

Key competencies and experience
A Bachelors (2.1 or above) or Masters, in engineering, sustainability or physical science.
Understanding of key sustainability and climate change policies and issues.
Able to conduct appropriately referenced research with minimal guidance, and arrive at well-reasoned conclusions from its analysis.
Ability to interpret complex issues and data, and identify solutions quickly.
Ability to write clear, concise and accurate technical reports.
Be able to work independently and demonstrate initiative, as well as operate effectively as part of a team.
Relevant experience in the sustainability sector including work experiences, final projects or wider interests.
Experience with modelling software and LCA tools is desired but not essential.

Skills and behaviours
Strong numeracy skills and an interest in data analysis.
Excellent IT skills especially in Microsoft Word and Excel.
Effective communication skills, both written and oral and basic presentation skills.
Excellent organisational and time management skills.
Self-reliant and proactive with good problem-solving skills.
High attention to detail and accuracy in all work.

If you feel you demonstrate these capabilities, possess excellent communication skills, are driven and proactive then we would welcome your application.

Working here
Ricardo is an exciting and rewarding place to work and you have the opportunity to make a difference. You will work with teams of talented, dedicated, and supportive individuals. Alongside having a fantastic opportunity to develop your career with us through our broad range of projects, mentoring opportunities and a personalised approach to your learning and development. We are always keen to hear from people who have driven, ambition and a flair for innovative thinking.

Wellbeing and work life balance
We offer flexible approaches to work, whether that's working from home, being in the office, or as a hybrid worker. We're happy to discuss flexible working arrangements. Wellbeing is at the core to our culture, allowing employees to flourish and to achieve their full potential. Our People are important to us, and we take pride in our wellbeing programmes and policies that support individuals including flexible working, carers policy, mental health first aiders and readily available support through our extensive Employee Assistance programme.

Diversity, Equality and Inclusion statement
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, we believe in each person's potential, and we'll help you reach yours. We have an ambitious diversity, equality, and inclusion approach as explained here. We value diversity; recognising that a more diverse workforce creates a richer and more varied working environment. Diversity also drives innovation, by allowing us to offer our clients the best consultancy service that we can. As part of our commitment to engage positively and pro-actively with all our employees and ensure a culture of inclusivity, we are a recognised as a 'disability confident' employer.

Benefits
Our core benefits include 25 days' annual leave, plus 8 flexible bank holidays, a competitive company pension scheme, life assurance and professional subscriptions reimbursement. We also offer a wide range of flexible benefits to suit your lifestyle.

Once you have submitted your application a member of our Recruitment Team will be in touch. Please be aware that the timing can vary dependent on the volume of applications that we receive for each role and in some cases, we may start to review applications prior to the closing date.
About the job
Hilson Moran is a leading multi-disciplinary design consultancy with ten key service lines – MEP, Sustainability, Masterplanning Energy & Environment, Vertical Transportation, Acoustics, Fire Engineering, Infrastructure, Security, Smart Buildings and Facilities Management – and we are a market leader in applying digital processes and technology to deliver increasingly complex built environment projects.

Our sustainability capabilities include one of the industries most advanced building performance analysis teams, highly experienced building certification assessment teams and a broad range of sustainability, energy and environmental specialisms. Our sustainability team also incorporates a dedicated R&D group and a number of experienced experts ensuring we remain at the leading edge of legislation and technology.

All specialists we employ are primarily design consultants who take a proactive approach, working as part of multi-disciplinary project teams to ensure sustainability is integrated into the design of projects. We have the capability to assist in all phases of the project life cycle – from advice on developing masterplans in the most sustainable manner, to detailed environmental modelling to analyse the design of buildings and their engineering systems, through to ongoing consultancy to monitor and drive the continuous improvement of buildings in operation.

We currently have an opportunity for an experienced Sustainability / Energy Consultant to carry out thermal / energy modelling of buildings to join our team based either in our London or Farnborough office.
We’d like to Hear from You If You Have Experience with:
Thermal / energy modelling of buildings
Building physics
Understanding of the building certification process
You are a Level 5 Assessor
Experience with operational Energy Analysis
Able to give planning and design advice
You have experience with renewable energy feasibility studies
Good report writing skills, including energy statements and climate change
Liaising with clients

You will have the opportunity to work on variety of high profile developments throughout the UK and overseas including commercial offices, education, retail, mixed use and residential schemes.
About the job
The opportunity: in this role, you will provide a single point of accountability for sourcing performance in relation to energy and requires a high degree of product and market focus. This means an ability to drive improvement through demand and specification-based initiatives as well as through the more traditional purchasing-based activity using external partners where appropriate.

How you will impact WestRock:
Develop & implement robust and effective Category based sourcing strategies
A thorough analysis of current supply, and future potential supply possibilities
Engagement of key stakeholders across the businesses, and development of strategies through an inclusive, team approach - Achievement of stakeholder buy-in to changes
Implementation of strategy through a planned and structured project management-based approach
Implementation of global energy projects
Central consultancy contracts for regions to ensure future compliance
Improve Europe’s sustainability projects, leading centrally

What you need to succeed:
Experience working across European within a commercial/purchasing role(s)
Strong interpersonal, analytical, influencing and negotiating skills.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite Programs
Results focused with sound commercial and financial awareness
Presentation/communication skills
Ability to prioritise workload and manage multiple projects across multiple location

What we offer:
Corporate culture based on integrity, respect, accountability and excellence
Comprehensive training with numerous learning and development opportunities
A career with a global packaging company where sustainability, safety and inclusion are business drivers and foundational elements of the daily work

WestRock is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We strive to create and maintain a diverse workforce where everyone feels valued, respected, and included. WestRock does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law
About the job
Alfa Energy Group (an Edison Energy company) is an international energy, sustainability and technology consultant partner with offices globally. For over 25 years we have been servicing our clients’ needs through energy and water management, sustainability, and compliance consulting, and an intuitive ecosystem of user-driven energy, water, and carbon management software platforms.

As we continue this growth, we are looking for a new member to join our community.

Global Reach. Local Impact.

Position Overview:

As a member of the Transportation Electrification (TE) team, this role is responsible for supporting the growth of Edison Energy’s TE practice. The Analyst will have the opportunity to work on high impact, strategic consulting projects across areas including energy; vehicle electrification, business case development, financial modeling, carbon management; environmental justice; sustainability reporting; stakeholder engagement; project management; and climate change.

Responsibilities:

Work within the transportation electrification group to support the advisory practice on topics including fleet assessments, business case development, total cost of ownership, charging assessments, and other sustainability benchmarking
Support the delivery of various transportation projects and analyses to clients
Support research and database development using internal and external resources on specific trends, markets, technologies, or policies
Develop models and analysis of vehicle electrification scenarios, charging, and energy management
Support clients in understanding, addressing, and improving relevant transportation electrification topics and challenges.
Deliver clear, structured, and effective client communications
Oversee, structure, and lead data analysis to inform insights and decision-making
Strong project management skills that plan and prepare for impactful stakeholder and client meetings, using digital technologies and facilitation.
Monitor progress, manage risks, resolve issues, and regularly report to relevant stakeholders

Experience & Qualifications:

3-5 years of relevant work experience (including technical experience in electric vehicles, energy, or sustainability)
Bachelor's Degree with focus in Sustainability, Environmental Sciences, or Engineering desired. Master’s or MBA a plus
Proficient understanding of the US electric vehicle market
Work experience in consultancy / professional services preferred
Solid understanding of clean transportation solutions, markets, policies, and trends, with focus on electric vehicles
Strong analytical skills and proficiency with Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, PowerBI), and ability to perform data analysis in Microsoft Excel is required
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate and present effectively

Key Competencies:

Demonstrated passion for transportation electrification, climate mitigation, sustainability, and clean energy.
Results-oriented project management and organizational skills with a bias for action while managing multiple competing priorities and deadlines
Strong attention to detail and the expectation to grow into an expert on electric vehicles and technical sustainability concepts
Problem solving, analytical skills and decision making as an individual and part of a team
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels through establishing positive, mutually respectful, and productive working relationships.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment as well as autonomously
Must be able to perform successfully in a fast paced, intellectually intense, service-oriented environment and enhance the business and in keeping with Edison’s values and culture.

Work Environment:

Noise level ranges from low to moderate (if in office setting)
About the job
Job title: Energy Consultant
Location: Home-based with national travel
Salary: £35,000 - £50,000 + KPI linked bonus
Company Overview:
Gaining market leader status shortly after their inception 25 years ago, this UK-based energy management firm offer energy efficiency, carbon management and cost reduction solutions to some of the most recognised brands in the country across the Public Sector, commercial buildings and industrial sectors. This firm have provided services to an impressive 5,000 clients, delivering over £600 million of savings. Company growth has now brought the need for an Energy Consultant to join an ambitious in-house team.
Key Responsibilities:
Undertaking surveys of building services and industrial processes, across a range of public sector, industrial and commercial clients, with the aim of identifying and quantifying energy and carbon reduction opportunities
Writing up audit reports
Helping develop Carbon Management Plans, Heat Decarbonisation Plans and Net Zero strategies
Supporting compliance and grant programmes such as the Energy Savings Opportunity Scheme (ESOS) and the Public Sector Decarbonisation Scheme (PSDS)
Collecting and processing of energy related data to assist with the above
Your Profile:
Essential
Experience of working in an energy management or energy consultancy role
Understanding of energy compliance schemes such as ESOS, SECR or CCA
Educated to degree level in an engineering or scientific discipline or equivalent
Ability to interpret and provide insight from energy, cost, and carbon data
Experience of energy auditing and the production of technical reports to the BS EN 16247 standard
Excellent communication, analytical and numerical skills
Proficient user of Microsoft Office, in particular Excel
Desirable
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in measurement and verification of energy and carbon measures
Record of engagement and experience in Energy Performance Contracts
Working knowledge of renewable energy systems and on-site generation
Familiarity with BMS systems and low energy control strategies
Experience of management systems such as ISO 50001
Experience of transport / fleet energy reviews and savings measures
About the job
Contract Type

Permanent

Work pattern

Full time

Position Location

Glasgow, United Kingdom; Brighton, United Kingdom; Bristol United Kingdom; Madrid, Spain; Genova, Italy; Bogota, Colombia; Warsaw,Poland

Job Description

You'll get to experience projects from conception to completion and operation and will provide engineering inputs from initial assessment through to technical and economic feasibility, due diligence, construction monitoring, acceptance and operation monitoring.

Key Responsibilities Will Include

Energy yield assessment and solar resource assessment according to the company best practices guidelines.
Due diligence with review of third-party analysis reports
Review of internal assessments and reports following detailed approval procedures
PV Plant layout optimisation for Feasibility studies
Tender documents preparation, bids evaluation, contractual negotiations
Awareness of the market and on-going innovation in technology and research
Participation on Due Diligence projects and Technical Advisory services preconstruction (feasibility, plant design optimisation, etc)
Review and preparation of technical and non-technical reports including specifications, proposals, designs, calculations and contracts
Support and mentor the career development of junior engineers

Candidate Specification

Master’s degree in engineering or relevant science subject
Full proficiency in PVsyst
Experience working in a developer or an engineering consultancy
Extensive experience in pre-construction and operational energy yield assessments for solar PV projects
Knowledge of Helios 3D or PVcase and competency in a programming language is beneficial
Strong mathematical/statistical and analysis background
Experience in basic design of PV plants, and layout optimisation
Knowledge of key PV equipment and technology options.
Experience in conducting due diligence and/or owner’s engineer assignments
Excellent communication and writing skills in English, with the ability to communicate technical issues to non-technical colleagues are essential .

Job Profile

One of the largest employee-owned companies in the world, Mott MacDonald is a multisector consultancy providing engineering, management, and development services on projects in 150 countries. With over 16,000 of the best people working on a diverse range of challenges, we’re helping our clients deliver sustainable infrastructure and development solutions. We have a collegiate and collaborative culture which values equality and diversity, and we take proactive steps to create an inclusive workplace. Together, we are opening opportunities with connected thinking.

Our Energy unit work on solar PV projects around the world. Due to high demand for our services we are looking for a Senior Renewable Energy Engineer, with extensive experience in energy yield assessment of solar PV plants to join our solar team in one of our offices in Spain, UK, Bulgaria, Poland, Colombia or Italy. As well as providing specialist energy yield expertise you will also participate in the delivery of solar projects therefore, we ideally require an individual with experience of conducting due diligence review work, dealing with client queries, and reviewing third party work. We work as an integrated, global network so you will get the chance to work alongside other professionals as part of a multidisciplinary project team giving you an understanding of projects from different technology perspectives. This means we look for engineers with genuine curiosity and a deep understanding of renewable energy projects.

Other Information

Equality, diversity and inclusion

We put equality, diversity and inclusion at the heart of our business, seeking to promote fair employment procedures and practices to ensure equal opportunities for all. We encourage individual expression in our workplace and are committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone feels they have the opportunity to contribute.

If you have a disability and would prefer to apply in a different format or would like us to make reasonable adjustments to enable you to apply or attend an interview, please contact us at reasonable.adjustments@mottmac.com and we will talk to you about how we can assist.

Agile working

At Mott MacDonald, we believe it makes business sense for you and your manager to choose how you can work most effectively to meet your client, team and personal commitments. We embrace agility, flexibility and trust.

More About Mott MacDonald

We’re a global engineering, management and development consultancy.

Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients’ businesses, our communities and employee opportunities.

A fundamental part of this is respecting each person’s differences and striving to meet their needs.

Our values: progress, respect, integrity, drive, excellence

Job Ref

54168BR

Recruiter Contact

Maria Marchidan

Country

Bulgaria, Colombia, Italy, Poland, Spain, United Kingdom

Region/State

ALL - Bulgaria, All - Colombia, All - Italy, ALL - Poland, ALL - Spain, England - Midlands, England - North West, England - South East, Scotland

Discipline

Energy

Sector

Energy

Website Region

Europe and Central Asia

Website Sector

Energy
About the job
The role

JLL’s Global Sustainability team is responsible for developing and delivering the company’s sustainability strategy. A core part of the programme is JLL’s commitment to taking a leadership position on addressing climate change. To that end, we have adopted an ambitious science-based net-zero target for carbon reduction across our enterprise.

JLL’s Global Sustainability team is looking for an experienced carbon and data manager to help develop our carbon reporting abilities to ensure the effective monitoring, measuring and management of the delivery of our climate commitments. The role also has responsibility for the full breadth of data collection to meet JLL’s sustainability reporting and disclosure commitments, including emerging and growing customer data requests.

The role reports to the Director, Global Sustainability and is supported by the team’s Data Analyst.

Responsibilities

Oversight and responsibility for JLL’s global sustainability data collection process to support reporting, disclosure and the management of our impacts.
Carbon data lead for the global business to enable accurate performance tracking against JLL’s climate commitments including our science-based, net-zero commitment.
Create and implement a roadmap for data quality improvement across all areas of JLL’s sustainability strategy with a focus on energy and carbon data.
Management of commercial activity related to sustainability data including data management platforms, assurance processes and ad hoc consultancy support.
Provision of sustainability data for information requests such as the DJSI and CDP.
Provision of sustainability data and responses to client data requests.
Line management and development of team’s Data Analyst.

Skills, Knowledge And Qualifications

Experience with carbon accounting and data management.
A methodical and rigorous approach to information gathering and data analysis.
Relevant work experience in a large, corporate environment with a focus on sustainability and carbon reporting preferred.
Solves complex problems; takes a new perspective using existing solutions.
Strong academic qualifications including a degree and/or post-graduate qualification.
Detail-oriented, with the ability to extract broader implications when needed.
Autonomous individual who communicates well over email and phone, with an adaptable attitude towards working schedules across time zones.
Comfortable with communicating with colleagues around the world.
High level of organization including effective workload prioritization.
Enthusiastic, self-starter who works well in a changing, flexible environment.

Strong commitment to, and basic understanding of, the principles and values of sustainability, corporate social responsibility and/or corporate citizenship
About the job
Role: Senior Consultant Energy & Carbon Management
Location: UK Flexible
Role ID: 2022-1689

Our vision is to create a safe and sustainable world
Ricardo plc is a global strategic, environmental, and engineering consulting company, listed on the London Stock Exchange. With over 100 years of engineering excellence and employing close to 3,000 employees in more than 20 countries, we provide exceptional levels of expertise in delivering leading-edge and innovative cross-sector sustainable products and solutions. Every day, we enable our customers to solve the most complex and dynamic challenges to help achieve a safe and sustainable world.

Energy & Environment, one of Ricardo plc’s five operating business units, is a leader in sustainability consultancy, solving complex environmental challenges through industry-leading analysis, advice and data. With more than 40 years of heritage in addressing air quality, environmental and sustainability issues, our customers value us for our deep understanding and breadth of services covering the entire value chain from evidence, policy & strategy to implementation.

We are currently looking for an Energy & Carbon Management Senior Consultant to join our sustainability team.

Key Responsibilities
Within a collaborative and supportive team of consultants, you will be responsible for helping to win and deliver projects (mainly with clients in the private sector) on net zero, and energy and carbon management strategies. The role will include client liaison, project management and technical delivery and will be required from initial client engagement through to provision of final reports. The successful candidate will:
Be capable of taking over, managing and delivering existing energy and carbon management projects, as well as writing proposals for new work.
Be the client lead for key projects, demonstrating experience of working face-to-face with clients and managing their expectations.
Undertake a project management role, controlling budgets and timings, and allocating tasks to colleagues as required.
Liaise with specialist sub-contractors and build relationships internally and externally.
Input technical expertise to energy and carbon management bids and projects.
Ensure appropriate profile raising and marketing of Ricardo’s services and capabilities.

Ricardo operates a parallel ‘team leader’ system for pastoral staff management, meaning that you will not initially have any direct line management responsibilities. However, if such line management is of interest to you, we can help you to demonstrate and develop that capability.

Key competencies and experience
Have practical career experience and be able to demonstrate relevant technical capability, effective project management and excellent communication skills.
Have a higher education qualification (Bachelor’s Degree) in an environmental discipline, or otherwise to have a good track record working in an environmental role, so that you can demonstrate your knowledge.
Have experience of working in the consultancy sector ideally, to demonstrate that you have the necessary commercial awareness, but we are also interested to talk to candidates currently performing environmental roles directly within industry.
Demonstrate technical expertise across several of the following technical areas:
Energy and carbon management planning and strategy
Net Zero strategy development
Scope 3
Carbon footprinting and verification
Energy data analysis
Energy auditing and identification of energy saving and decarbonisation measures
Knowledge of technical areas such as energy efficiency, renewable energy, sustainable transport, carbon sequestration and offsetting
Knowledge of building energy performance / industrial processes
Regulatory compliance, knowledge of both current and future environmental and energy related legislation
Have demonstrated experience of working face-to-face with clients and managing their expectations.
Experience of identifying and developing business opportunities is desirable.

Skills and behaviours
Analytical skills with ability to identify, develop and implement solutions.
Excellent writing skills to communicate clearly and without errors – accuracy and attention to detail are vital.
Strong client and stakeholder communication skills (e.g. influencing, negotiation, presentation and relationship management skills).
Project management skills that demonstrate ability to manage and account for time spent, and to deliver work on time and budget.
Team working and ability to coordinate and prioritise activities to ensure delivery of agreed targets.
Ability to work autonomously and pro-actively.
High level of computer literacy, including familiarity with the full Microsoft Office software suite.
A flexible approach – able to see where help is needed and support colleagues as necessary.
Be comfortable juggling a variety of tasks in a sometimes fast-paced operational environment.
Working here

Ricardo is an exciting and rewarding place to work and you have the opportunity to make a difference. You will work with teams of talented, dedicated, and supportive individuals. Alongside having a fantastic opportunity to develop your career with us through our broad range of projects, mentoring opportunities and a personalised approach to your learning and development. We are always keen to hear from people who have driven, ambition and a flair for innovative thinking.

Wellbeing and work life balance

We offer flexible approaches to work, whether that's working from home, being in the office, or as a hybrid worker. We're happy to discuss flexible working arrangements. Wellbeing is at the core to our culture, allowing employees to flourish and to achieve their full potential. Our People are important to us, and we take pride in our wellbeing programmes and policies that support individuals including flexible working, carers policy, mental health first aiders and readily available support through our extensive Employee Assistance programme.

Diversity, Equality and Inclusion statement

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, we believe in each person's potential, and we'll help you reach yours. We have an ambitious diversity, equality, and inclusion approach as explained here. We value diversity; recognising that a more diverse workforce creates a richer and more varied working environment. Diversity also drives innovation, by allowing us to offer our clients the best consultancy service that we can. As part of our commitment to engage positively and pro-actively with all our employees and ensure a culture of inclusivity, we are a recognised as a 'disability confident' employer.

Benefits

Our core benefits include 25 days' annual leave, plus 8 flexible bank holidays, a competitive company pension scheme, life assurance and professional subscriptions reimbursement. We also offer a wide range of flexible benefits to suit your lifestyle.

Once you have submitted your application a member of our Recruitment Team will be in touch. Please be aware that the timing can vary dependent on the volume of applications that we receive for each role and in some cases, we may start to review applications prior to the closing date.
About the job
Contract Type

Permanent

Work pattern

Full time

Position Location

Glasgow, United Kingdom; Brighton, United Kingdom; Bristol United Kingdom; Madrid, Spain; Genova, Italy; Bogota, Colombia; Warsaw,Poland

Job Description

You'll get to experience projects from conception to completion and operation and will provide engineering inputs from initial assessment through to technical and economic feasibility, due diligence, construction monitoring, acceptance and operation monitoring.

Key Responsibilities Will Include

Energy yield assessment and solar resource assessment according to the company best practices guidelines.
Due diligence with review of third-party analysis reports
Review of internal assessments and reports following detailed approval procedures
PV Plant layout optimisation for Feasibility studies
Tender documents preparation, bids evaluation, contractual negotiations
Awareness of the market and on-going innovation in technology and research
Participation on Due Diligence projects and Technical Advisory services preconstruction (feasibility, plant design optimisation, etc)
Review and preparation of technical and non-technical reports including specifications, proposals, designs, calculations and contracts
Support and mentor the career development of junior engineers

Candidate Specification

Master’s degree in engineering or relevant science subject
Full proficiency in PVsyst
Experience working in a developer or an engineering consultancy
Extensive experience in pre-construction and operational energy yield assessments for solar PV projects
Knowledge of Helios 3D or PVcase and competency in a programming language is beneficial
Strong mathematical/statistical and analysis background
Experience in basic design of PV plants, and layout optimisation
Knowledge of key PV equipment and technology options.
Experience in conducting due diligence and/or owner’s engineer assignments
Excellent communication and writing skills in English, with the ability to communicate technical issues to non-technical colleagues are essential .

Job Profile

One of the largest employee-owned companies in the world, Mott MacDonald is a multisector consultancy providing engineering, management, and development services on projects in 150 countries. With over 16,000 of the best people working on a diverse range of challenges, we’re helping our clients deliver sustainable infrastructure and development solutions. We have a collegiate and collaborative culture which values equality and diversity, and we take proactive steps to create an inclusive workplace. Together, we are opening opportunities with connected thinking.

Our Energy unit work on solar PV projects around the world. Due to high demand for our services we are looking for a Senior Renewable Energy Engineer, with extensive experience in energy yield assessment of solar PV plants to join our solar team in one of our offices in Spain, UK, Bulgaria, Poland, Colombia or Italy. As well as providing specialist energy yield expertise you will also participate in the delivery of solar projects therefore, we ideally require an individual with experience of conducting due diligence review work, dealing with client queries, and reviewing third party work. We work as an integrated, global network so you will get the chance to work alongside other professionals as part of a multidisciplinary project team giving you an understanding of projects from different technology perspectives. This means we look for engineers with genuine curiosity and a deep understanding of renewable energy projects.

Other Information

Equality, diversity and inclusion

We put equality, diversity and inclusion at the heart of our business, seeking to promote fair employment procedures and practices to ensure equal opportunities for all. We encourage individual expression in our workplace and are committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone feels they have the opportunity to contribute.

If you have a disability and would prefer to apply in a different format or would like us to make reasonable adjustments to enable you to apply or attend an interview, please contact us at reasonable.adjustments@mottmac.com and we will talk to you about how we can assist.

Agile working

At Mott MacDonald, we believe it makes business sense for you and your manager to choose how you can work most effectively to meet your client, team and personal commitments. We embrace agility, flexibility and trust.

More About Mott MacDonald

We’re a global engineering, management and development consultancy.

Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients’ businesses, our communities and employee opportunities.

A fundamental part of this is respecting each person’s differences and striving to meet their needs.

Our values: progress, respect, integrity, drive, excellence

Job Ref

54168BR

Recruiter Contact

Maria Marchidan

Country

Bulgaria, Colombia, Italy, Poland, Spain, United Kingdom

Region/State

ALL - Bulgaria, All - Colombia, All - Italy, ALL - Poland, ALL - Spain, England - Midlands, England - North West, England - South East, Scotland

Discipline

Energy

Sector

Energy

Website Region

Europe and Central Asia

Website Sector

Energy
About the job
10 x Energy Trading Back & Middle Office Analysts – Big 4 Consultancy

Global Big 4 management consultancy seeks 10 x Energy / Commodity Trading Back & Middle Office Analysts looking for a career move into management consulting joining their UK Commodity Trading Advisory Practice. No previous consulting experience needed.

Working out of their Central London HQ, but working remotely / from home up to 4 days per week, you’ll join one of the most recognizable global brands:
- Award winning employer for Diversity & Inclusion (D&I / DE&I), Top Graduate Employer, Top 50 UK Best Large Company to Work For, Award Winning Training & Development
- Working with several of the largest Oil & Gas Majors, Utilities and Commodity Trading Houses on UK and Global projects
- Fantastic work / life balance, including up to 20 days working from anywhere in the World with holiday on top
- Focus on both internal and external training and accreditations, including helping with sponsoring MBAs, Prince2 etc

My client is looking for Market Risk, Credit Risk, Operational Risk Analysts, Demand Forecasting Analysts, Business Analysts, ETRM/CTRM Business Analysts, ETRM/CTRM Project Managers, possibly Commodity Trading Research Analysts to join at Senior Associate/Assistant Manager (£45-55k basic) or Manager (£60-70k basic) grades. You don’t need any previous consulting experience although it would be useful!

Your role will have you working closely with the Directors at Partners to upskill your commodity trading business knowledge and consulting skills. You’ll be working on-site as major global trading businesses, helping them with business problems (not IT), which will include:
- Business Change and Transformation across the business and how their clients can more efficiently trade, manage risk and increase profits
- Helping them set up new commodity trading desks, possibly for new commodities that they don’t currently trade or in new geographical regions
- Help them with Risk reporting and managing risk
- Advice around regulation and compliance
- Advise on the use or need for a new ETRM system

As well as being a delivery consultant who will work on client engagements, you’ll be part of a consulting practice so as you move up the career ladder, you’ll take on greater responsibilities for helping with internal hiring, preparing and presenting RFIs and RFPs to clients, attending trade fairs / conferences, people leadership, client generation and development, managing project delivery including managing internal and external client teams.

These roles will be varied, so you’ll get the opportunity to broaden your commodity trading knowledge. You only need to know one commodity but you’ll develop to understand how Power, Gas, Crude Oil, LNG, Ags, Softs, Metals & Refined Products operate across the transaction life-cycle (Front, Middle & Back office). The role will have you working with a variety of clients, all with some presence in the Uk (London really), but most with a global footprint, so your role will give you exposure to trading in Singapore, Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Geneva in particular as well.

As such, these are fantastic career opportunities for bright Energy/Commodity Trading Analysts, looking to develop and widen their business knowledge working for a fantastic global brand with an award winning culture.

For more information, please e-mail an up-to-date copy of your CV to Ben at jobsBR@bramwithconsulting.co.uk
About the job
Job Description

Inviting bright minds

Do you want to push the boundaries of your profession and develop your excellence in an open, collaborative and empowering culture? Ramboll is at the forefront of addressing the green transition and offers a holistic approach to energy that supports the sector on the journey towards more sustainable solutions. We work to create a sustainable future and our inspiring projects and innovative solutions aim to set the standard among our peers. You will join a global company that has been growing successfully since its founding in 1945. Together, we lead and leave a positive impact on societies, companies, and people around the world. Ramboll operates a flexible working policy, and with this you will be part of an exciting team of experts, who respects each other and works towards a common goal.

Our Energy Strategy and Planning Service

You will be part of a dynamic and growing team, leading on the technical and engineering aspects of our projects which typically involve area-based solutions. With the climate emergency in sharp focus, our approach is to deliver long-lasting low carbon energy solutions. We take a whole energy system approach that considers the interplay and efficiency benefits of a multi-vector design. Projects typically involve pre-design strategies and concept designs, masterplans, feasibility studies and technical inputs to business case development. We often assess multiple scenarios and make recommendations for decarbonisation pathways, and programmes of work to prioritise and implement solutions.

In responding to the far-reaching impacts of the climate emergency, we frequently work with UK colleagues across business units to provide holistic sustainable solutions. We work with international colleagues to provide best practice solutions that utilises our global skills and expertise, notably in local energy systems.

Our clients span both the public and private sectors. As well as engineering-led projects, in the public sector our ESP Policy Advisory team works on projects for national and local governments, supporting organisations develop local plans and policies that enable the net zero transition. In the private sector, we typically work for developers and buildings portfolios owners, and as we continue to grow our clients will extend into the commercial and industrial sector.

We operate a flexible approach to working and it is not expected that you will be required in the office on a daily basis, though the facility is available if that is your preference.

Your Key Tasks And Responsibilities

Managing projects, including:

Managing budgets, resources and quality of outputs
Managing client relations. Working closely and collaboratively with clients to understand and respond to their needs
Engaging and working with key project stakeholders
Creating innovative low carbon energy solutions, including concept designs and drawings, calculations and specifications
Assessing low carbon options and recommending viable, cost-effective solutions
Writing engaging and visual reports to communicate project findings and make recommendations in an accessible and impactful way
Presenting outcomes to clients and key project stakeholders

Other Key Tasks and Responsibilities;

Supporting business development activities. Bid writing, growing relations within the business, maintaining relations with existing key clients, and supporting ESP service line growth
Working with and supporting junior members of the team in their learning and development

Your starting point for constant growth

From the moment you join Ramboll, we will support your personal and professional development so that you grow with the company. For this role, we believe your starting point is:

Mechanical, process or energy engineering related degree, ideally with energy systems involvement, or post-graduate qualification thereof
Chartered, or working towards Chartered status, with a recognised professional institution
Experience of managing projects
Experience in developing and designing area-based low carbon energy solutions
Experience of techno-economic modelling low carbon energy solutions and appreciation of financial and commercial business delivery models
Experience in District Energy

Personal qualities that will help you succeed in this role include:

Good communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in written reports and oral presentations, and to those of a non-technical background
‘Can do’ attitude, likes a challenge, and solution-focused
Passionate about sustainability and wanting to make a positive change to address climate change
7 years relevant experience

How To Apply

Apply online. Attach your CV, cover letter and relevant documents showcasing why you are the right fit for the role, and when you are available to start.

An equal opportunity employer

Equality, diversity and inclusion is at the heart of what we do. At Ramboll, we believe that diversity is a strength and that different experiences and perspectives are essential to creating truly sustainable societies. We are committed to providing an inclusive and supportive work environment, where everyone is able to flourish and reach their potential.

We invite applications from candidates from all backgrounds, regardless of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief, sex and sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic.

As a Disability Confident Committed employer, Ramboll ensures opportunities are accessible to candidates with disabilities. Please reach out to our recruitment team to discuss any adjustments that you might require during the application process.

We also know how important it is to achieve the right balance of where, when and how much you work. When you join Ramboll, you’ll have the freedom to work your hours flexibly and our positive approach to hybrid working will help you to discover the split between home and office that works for you and your role.
About the job
We are WSP - Join us and make your career future ready!

In today’s world it’s important to work for a company that has clear purpose, giving back to communities and supporting what is truly important in the world.

When considering a career move it’s vital to work for a business that is aligned to your values and goals, a place where you can belong. See what WSP stands for in 2023 and beyond…

To find out more about our ENERGY business by clicking on the following link and discover what awaits you at WSP: Engineering & Project Management Services for Energy | WSP

Your new role, what's involved?

Perform quantitative and qualitative analysis to assess impact of policy, regulation, technological and customer change on power networks and energy markets
Perform modelling and analysis to support the decision-making process of our clients within the delivery of our portfolio of projects
Translating the results of complex analysis into high-level messages which can be understood by senior decision makers
Advise our clients, through project delivery, on strategic power network development and operation, network innovation, network economic regulation and power markets
Support the development of proposals and bids as well as actively winning work

This role will mostly focus on techno-economic modelling and analysis, power networks innovation and regulation for Electricity System Operators, Transmission Owners, Distribution Network Operators, Energy Utilities, Regulators and Governments in the UK and internationally.

Specifically, project work will focus on power network utility business transformation including the strategic transition to Distribution System Operator (transition from DNO to DSO), procurement, dispatch and management of distributed flexibility services for distribution network support, business planning support and techno-commercial viability of innovative technologies/solutions for energy utilities and business models and techno-economic modelling for national and local authorities.

YOUR TEAM

The purpose of the Energy Strategy Consulting (ESC) team is to support and inform the strategic choices for stakeholders of the smart and flexible energy system. We provide advice, support and tools to underpin the delivery of cost-effective, safe, smart and flexible energy system. Our key business propositions within ESC span across the following key subject matter areas:

Regulation
Whole energy system
Techno-economic modelling and analysis
Master-planning
Power market modelling and analysis
Power networks innovation
Data and digital

Our clients cover the full energy value chain and include governments, regulators, utilities, developers of renewable energy technologies, investors, manufacturers and industrial customers.

We'd love to hear from you if you have:

Educated to degree level in Maths, Science, Engineering or Economics related subject
Experience in advising power utilities on market and/or regulatory matters
Experience in a technical modelling and analysis role within a commercial industry setting or an academic environment, with a focus on power market modelling and analysis
Sound verbal and written communication skills in English.

What's in it for you?

Work-life balance?

WSP recognises that work is only one part of your life and making time for other things is important – whether that’s for your families, friends, or yourself.

Our hybrid working policy allows the flexibility to work from the comfort of your own home as well as collaborating in our contemporary offices across the UK.

Inclusivity & Diversity?

We want our people to achieve rewarding careers, bringing their whole selves to work. We celebrate integrity and treat people with respect, supporting each other and embracing diversity to create a culture of inclusion and belonging at WSP.

Our employee resource groups VIBE (LGBTQ+ employees), CREED (Championing Racial Equality and Ethnic Diversity) and our Gender Balance Group, in tandem with WSP’s Neurodiverse Community Group, WSP Connect Group (visible and non-visible disabilities) help us promote the right environment for you to reach your full potential.

Health & Wellbeing?

We are committed to supporting our people, giving you the tools to make improvements to your health and wellbeing through our Thrive programme.

Med24 gives you and your family unrestricted telephone access to an NHS doctor where you can call day or night or have a face-to-face video consultation.

Flex your time?

For improved work life balance, WSP offers the “WSP Hour” which enables you to take one hour per day to do as you wish and make up the time earlier or later that day. We also offer part time and flexible working arrangements plus the option to flex your bank holiday entitlement to suit you.

Your development?

We appreciate that development and training is important to you and that’s why we have a supportive environment that invests in your development, whether that’s chartership, training or mentoring.

Apply now and be the future of WSP!

#WeAreWSP

Here at WSP we positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of sex, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief, marital status, pregnancy or maternity/paternity. As a Disability Confident leader, we will interview all disabled applicants who meet the essential criteria, please let us know if you require any workplace adjustments in support of your application.

Please note WSP reserves the right to close the vacancy before the advertised closing date.
About the job
Are you passionate and experienced in renewable energy, energy storage, energy efficiency, or decarbonisation projects?

Is climate change and reducing carbon emissions important to you?

Do you want to work for a business that is growing and expanding?

Here at Decerna; we are committed to ensuring real reductions in carbon emissions, and making a real impact on climate change. Our purpose is to provide technical expertise and guidance to ensure the delivery of low-carbon and renewable solutions.

As part of our continued growth, we are now looking for a Business Development Officer to support our Grid Scale Technologies Group within Decerna. This will involve working with the Head of Grid Scale Technologies to bring in a range of projects appropriate for the skills and missions of Decerna.

Location: London, working from home, with occasional travel to the Decerna HQ close to Newcastle.
Salary: Depending on experience & qualifications

Working hours: 37 hours/week

Benefits: 25 days annual leave & 8 bank holidays, minimum 5% employee pension contribution matched by employer up to 10%, life assurance, company mobile phone & laptop, good long term progression prospects.

Essential qualifications, experience and skills

5+ years’ experience working within the low carbon technology industry and business development
Strong experience of sales
Understanding and genuine interest in renewable energy
Understanding of wind farms, solar farms and battery parks
Methodical with good attention to detail
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Experience of writing successful tenders for projects >£50k
Have a broad understanding of the UK energy market
Good written and verbal presentation skills
High level of computer literacy, including MS Office etc
Proactive and flexible approach to work
Full UK driving licence
Flexibility to travel within the UK & abroad

Role responsibilities

Core business development contacts for Decerna's Grid Technologies Group
To bring in consultancy projects related to grid scale low carbon infrastructure
Log all business development activities on a cloud based system (Jira/Power BI/Pipedrive)
Represent Decerna at events in London
Write and win tenders
Meet with prospective and current clients
Attend events at Solar Energy UK
Update Decerna website and case studies

Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)

Achieving a sales target of £40k per month
All projects appropriate to skills and experience of Decerna
Increasing the awareness within the industry of Decerna

Interested? Get in touch!

Closing date is 11.59pm 28th January 2023.

Interviews to be held during February 2023
About the job
Contract Type

Permanent

Work pattern

Full time

Position Location

Glasgow, United Kingdom; Brighton, United Kingdom; Bristol United Kingdom; Madrid, Spain; Genova, Italy; Bogota, Colombia; Warsaw,Poland

Job Description

You'll get to experience projects from conception to completion and operation and will provide engineering inputs from initial assessment through to technical and economic feasibility, due diligence, construction monitoring, acceptance and operation monitoring.

Key Responsibilities Will Include

Energy yield assessment and solar resource assessment according to the company best practices guidelines.
Due diligence with review of third-party analysis reports
Review of internal assessments and reports following detailed approval procedures
PV Plant layout optimisation for Feasibility studies
Tender documents preparation, bids evaluation, contractual negotiations
Awareness of the market and on-going innovation in technology and research
Participation on Due Diligence projects and Technical Advisory services preconstruction (feasibility, plant design optimisation, etc)
Review and preparation of technical and non-technical reports including specifications, proposals, designs, calculations and contracts
Support and mentor the career development of junior engineers

Candidate Specification

Master’s degree in engineering or relevant science subject
Full proficiency in PVsyst
Experience working in a developer or an engineering consultancy
Extensive experience in pre-construction and operational energy yield assessments for solar PV projects
Knowledge of Helios 3D or PVcase and competency in a programming language is beneficial
Strong mathematical/statistical and analysis background
Experience in basic design of PV plants, and layout optimisation
Knowledge of key PV equipment and technology options.
Experience in conducting due diligence and/or owner’s engineer assignments
Excellent communication and writing skills in English, with the ability to communicate technical issues to non-technical colleagues are essential .

Job Profile

One of the largest employee-owned companies in the world, Mott MacDonald is a multisector consultancy providing engineering, management, and development services on projects in 150 countries. With over 16,000 of the best people working on a diverse range of challenges, we’re helping our clients deliver sustainable infrastructure and development solutions. We have a collegiate and collaborative culture which values equality and diversity, and we take proactive steps to create an inclusive workplace. Together, we are opening opportunities with connected thinking.

Our Energy unit work on solar PV projects around the world. Due to high demand for our services we are looking for a Senior Renewable Energy Engineer, with extensive experience in energy yield assessment of solar PV plants to join our solar team in one of our offices in Spain, UK, Bulgaria, Poland, Colombia or Italy. As well as providing specialist energy yield expertise you will also participate in the delivery of solar projects therefore, we ideally require an individual with experience of conducting due diligence review work, dealing with client queries, and reviewing third party work. We work as an integrated, global network so you will get the chance to work alongside other professionals as part of a multidisciplinary project team giving you an understanding of projects from different technology perspectives. This means we look for engineers with genuine curiosity and a deep understanding of renewable energy projects.

Other Information

Equality, diversity and inclusion

We put equality, diversity and inclusion at the heart of our business, seeking to promote fair employment procedures and practices to ensure equal opportunities for all. We encourage individual expression in our workplace and are committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone feels they have the opportunity to contribute.

If you have a disability and would prefer to apply in a different format or would like us to make reasonable adjustments to enable you to apply or attend an interview, please contact us at reasonable.adjustments@mottmac.com and we will talk to you about how we can assist.

Agile working

At Mott MacDonald, we believe it makes business sense for you and your manager to choose how you can work most effectively to meet your client, team and personal commitments. We embrace agility, flexibility and trust.

More About Mott MacDonald

We’re a global engineering, management and development consultancy.

Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients’ businesses, our communities and employee opportunities.

A fundamental part of this is respecting each person’s differences and striving to meet their needs.

Our values: progress, respect, integrity, drive, excellence

Job Ref

54168BR

Recruiter Contact

Maria Marchidan

Country

Bulgaria, Colombia, Italy, Poland, Spain, United Kingdom

Region/State

ALL - Bulgaria, All - Colombia, All - Italy, ALL - Poland, ALL - Spain, England - Midlands, England - North West, England - South East, Scotland

Discipline

Energy

Sector

Energy

Website Region

Europe and Central Asia

Website Sector

Energy
About the job
Description

ENGIE is a global leader in low-carbon energy supply and services. Along with over 100,000 employees worldwide, customers, partners and stakeholders, we are committed to accelerating the transition to a carbon-neutral world through more energy efficient and environmentally friendly solutions.

ENGIE’s 1,000 employees in the UK are actively engaged in helping the Group reach net-zero carbon by 2045. We have been active in the UK energy market for over 20 years and our investments are in renewable energy (solar, wind, hydro, biogas) and storage, whilst supplying energy to organisations of all sizes. Some of our major businesses include First Hydro and Storengy.

We are shaping the future of responsible business by reconciling economic performance with a positive impact on people and the planet. If you’re excited about making an impact, we invite you to join our journey to build tomorrow’s low carbon energy systems and meet the challenges of climate change.

ENGIE are recruiting for a Business Transformation Analyst to be based in Leeds. This is a permanent role working 37 hours per week. Working is flexible in relation to office attendance (1-2 days per week) and standard office hours (8:30am - 5pm Monday to Thursday, 8:30am – 4:30pm Friday) are expected. On offer is a competitive salary, bonus and benefits package.

Key Accountabilities:


Identifying process improvement opportunities through improvement initiatives or process reviews.
Defining the business problem and primary objectives of new projects.
Evaluating information harvested through surveys and workshops, task analysis, and business process description.
Create project documentation as required by the project frameworks
Ensure process improvements are delivered to plan & benefit cases
Build relationships with relevant stakeholders across the business, and externally as required, to assist in facilitating data collection and analysis
Having strong technical skills, business intelligence, and a full understanding of the needs of the customer.
Ensuring that all business users are effectively trained on new business process, to effectively integrate the new processes
Supporting development of test scenarios and test scripts in line with new process / solutions.
Adherence to internal process and risk frameworks.

Outcome, Results and Key Performance Indicators:


Comprehensive and accurate documentation including but not limited to; process maps, procedures, requirement documentation & test scripts.
Monitoring and reporting of business improvement implementation progress.
Improvements in Energy Supply systems and processes.
Delivery of improvement plans on time and within budget.
To have a detailed understanding of Company Strategic plans and goals across all areas of the business.

Qualifications

Knowledge, Skills and Qualifications required:

Knowledge and skills:


Knowledge of UK Energy Supply business processes and systems preferable.
Microsoft Office proficient.
Salesforce knowledge desirable but not essential

Qualifications:


Degree level (or equivalent) in a relevant discipline or specific related experience.
Business change or Process qualifications are preferable.

For more information about ENGIE, please visit: http://www.engie.com/en/candidates-area/

For this role, you must have evidence of the right to work in the UK. There is no re-location package offered with this role.

Engie is an equal opportunities employer and our goal is to impact lasting change through our actions. Together, we unite for equality and equity. If you are interested in applying, we encourage you to think broadly about your background for the role.

The ENGIE Resourcing Team supports this job advert. Agency involvement is not required. All related enquiries must come to the resourcing team not direct to ENGIE Managers.
About the job
We're looking for a talented Senior Business Analyst with experience in the energy and utilities sector to join us at Expleo. As part of your role you will partner will our clients on various Digital Transformation projects, gaining exposure to working within multiple sectors.

We want to recruit someone with demonstrable awareness of new and emerging technologies and developments.

The Role

In the role you'll be primarily responsible for as a part of the business solutions team independently managing a key area of business analysis. Your primary role will be to act as a key interface between the technical project team and user communities.

The Company

Expleo is a €1 billion revenue global technology and engineering consulting organisation partnering with our clients on their digital transformation journey. We have big growth plans over the up coming years and are looking for sales professionals to help accelerate this.

We are an exciting company doing great things and time you spend at Expleo will turbo-charge your career, allowing you to work on complex technical challenges, enjoy opportunities to expand your skills and take part in inspiring, multi-disciplinary collaborations with your colleagues.

Responsibilities

Working on multiple phases of a project and/or multiple small projects of moderate scope and sometimes complex assignments
Analysis, project or task planning, process/data analysis and modelling and/or logical database design
Assisting in the analysis of stakeholder objectives, and underlying issues arising from investigations, and potential benefits
Producing specific business cases and scenarios, defining and documenting system acceptance criteria
Testing coverage analysis, risk prioritisation and analysis of defect trends.
Preparing training material for the team and vertical practice

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field, or equivalent work experience and an additional course or certification in Business Analysis

Experience

The ideal candidate for this role will have relevant experience of business analysis and awareness of new and emerging technologies and developments and previous consulting experience.
Experience of working within the energy supply domain and understands processes around smart metering and change of supply
Supporting team success and motivating others to keep morale and performance high Self-management.
Can set and work to quantified goals and standards.
Delivers by being aware of and considering the commercial impacts

What Do I Need Before I Apply

You will need to be flexible to travel to client sites across the UK as required.

Benefits

You'll also get the following benefits with the role:

Collaborative working environment – we stand shoulder to shoulder with our clients and ours peers through good times and challenges
25 days annual leave (increased to 27 after 2 years of service)
Flexible/hybrid working model
Access to discounts and offers through my Expleo benefits
Expleo academy - enables you to acquire and develop the right skills by delivering a suite of accredited training courses
Competitive company benefits such as medical and dental insurance, pension, life assurance, employee wellbeing programme, sports and social events, birthday hampers and much more
Enhanced maternity and paternity, adoption and shared parental leave package

Full details of the package on offer will be revealed once we receive your application.

We're a great company to work for. People join us for many reasons, such as we:

Are an established, rapidly growing business
Support our employees career growth with training and development opportunities
Offer a collaborative, engaging culture

At Expleo Technology, we work continuously to build a truly diverse and inclusive culture. We welcome and encourage candidates from all aspects of diversity to apply for this, and any of our advertised roles.
About the job
Job Description

Inviting bright minds

Do you want to push the boundaries of your profession and develop your excellence in an open, collaborative and empowering culture? Ramboll is at the forefront of addressing the green transition and offers a holistic approach to energy that supports the sector on the journey towards more sustainable solutions. We work to create a sustainable future and our inspiring projects and innovative solutions aim to set the standard among our peers. You will join a global company that has been growing successfully since its founding in 1945. Together, we lead and leave a positive impact on societies, companies, and people around the world. Ramboll operates a flexible working policy, and with this you will be part of an exciting team of experts, who respects each other and works towards a common goal.

Our Energy Strategy and Planning Service

You will be part of a dynamic and growing team, leading on the technical and engineering aspects of our projects which typically involve area-based solutions. With the climate emergency in sharp focus, our approach is to deliver long-lasting low carbon energy solutions. We take a whole energy system approach that considers the interplay and efficiency benefits of a multi-vector design. Projects typically involve pre-design strategies and concept designs, masterplans, feasibility studies and technical inputs to business case development. We often assess multiple scenarios and make recommendations for decarbonisation pathways, and programmes of work to prioritise and implement solutions.

In responding to the far-reaching impacts of the climate emergency, we frequently work with UK colleagues across business units to provide holistic sustainable solutions. We work with international colleagues to provide best practice solutions that utilises our global skills and expertise, notably in local energy systems.

Our clients span both the public and private sectors. As well as engineering-led projects, in the public sector our ESP Policy Advisory team works on projects for national and local governments, supporting organisations develop local plans and policies that enable the net zero transition. In the private sector, we typically work for developers and buildings portfolios owners, and as we continue to grow our clients will extend into the commercial and industrial sector.

We operate a flexible approach to working and it is not expected that you will be required in the office on a daily basis, though the facility is available if that is your preference.

Your Key Tasks And Responsibilities

Managing projects, including:

Managing budgets, resources and quality of outputs
Managing client relations. Working closely and collaboratively with clients to understand and respond to their needs
Engaging and working with key project stakeholders
Creating innovative low carbon energy solutions, including concept designs and drawings, calculations and specifications
Assessing low carbon options and recommending viable, cost-effective solutions
Writing engaging and visual reports to communicate project findings and make recommendations in an accessible and impactful way
Presenting outcomes to clients and key project stakeholders

Other Key Tasks and Responsibilities;

Supporting business development activities. Bid writing, growing relations within the business, maintaining relations with existing key clients, and supporting ESP service line growth
Working with and supporting junior members of the team in their learning and development

Your starting point for constant growth

From the moment you join Ramboll, we will support your personal and professional development so that you grow with the company. For this role, we believe your starting point is:

Mechanical, process or energy engineering related degree, ideally with energy systems involvement, or post-graduate qualification thereof
Chartered, or working towards Chartered status, with a recognised professional institution
Experience of managing projects
Experience in developing and designing area-based low carbon energy solutions
Experience of techno-economic modelling low carbon energy solutions and appreciation of financial and commercial business delivery models
Experience in District Energy

Personal qualities that will help you succeed in this role include:

Good communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in written reports and oral presentations, and to those of a non-technical background
‘Can do’ attitude, likes a challenge, and solution-focused
Passionate about sustainability and wanting to make a positive change to address climate change
7 years relevant experience

How To Apply

Apply online. Attach your CV, cover letter and relevant documents showcasing why you are the right fit for the role, and when you are available to start.

An equal opportunity employer

Equality, diversity and inclusion is at the heart of what we do. At Ramboll, we believe that diversity is a strength and that different experiences and perspectives are essential to creating truly sustainable societies. We are committed to providing an inclusive and supportive work environment, where everyone is able to flourish and reach their potential.

We invite applications from candidates from all backgrounds, regardless of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief, sex and sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic.

As a Disability Confident Committed employer, Ramboll ensures opportunities are accessible to candidates with disabilities. Please reach out to our recruitment team to discuss any adjustments that you might require during the application process.

We also know how important it is to achieve the right balance of where, when and how much you work. When you join Ramboll, you’ll have the freedom to work your hours flexibly and our positive approach to hybrid working will help you to discover the split between home and office that works for you and your role.
About the job
About the job
A consultancy that specialise in providing services delivering environmental, cost and operational benefits across the whole asset base in all types of organisations require an Energy Consultant OR Senior Energy Consultant for a client facing role working across a vast array of projects. The ideal candidate will have a Degree level of education and have solid knowledge of renewable energy.

The role

Reporting into the Operations Director, this is a home based role with travel to client sites. Travel by public transport is encouraged but they will pay for any personal millage used during your work. You will have the following responsibilities:

Deliver Energy management assignments for Clients.
Project Manage assignments, i.e. implementing utility reduction and other utility related projects on Client sites.
Utility purchasing support for Clients
Communicate regularly with the team as necessary on job specific progress. This will be through: Team Meetings and other meetings and conference calls.
Communicate regularly with customers and support the Management Team as required when they are communicating with customers.

The Person

Educated to a Degree level preferably with an engineering background you will have the following experiences.

Understanding of renewable energy
Knowledge of business management systems
Good understanding of air handling units and building service infrastructure.
Collating and analysing data
Auditing experience
About the job
Job Description

Inviting bright minds

Do you want to push the boundaries of your profession and develop your excellence in an open, collaborative and empowering culture? Ramboll is at the forefront of addressing the green transition and offers a holistic approach to energy that supports the sector on the journey towards more sustainable solutions. We work to create a sustainable future and our inspiring projects and innovative solutions aim to set the standard among our peers. You will join a global company that has been growing successfully since its founding in 1945. Together, we lead and leave a positive impact on societies, companies, and people around the world. Ramboll operates a flexible working policy, and with this you will be part of an exciting team of experts, who respects each other and works towards a common goal.

Our Energy Strategy and Planning Service

You will be part of a dynamic and growing team, leading on the technical and engineering aspects of our projects which typically involve area-based solutions. With the climate emergency in sharp focus, our approach is to deliver long-lasting low carbon energy solutions. We take a whole energy system approach that considers the interplay and efficiency benefits of a multi-vector design. Projects typically involve pre-design strategies and concept designs, masterplans, feasibility studies and technical inputs to business case development. We often assess multiple scenarios and make recommendations for decarbonisation pathways, and programmes of work to prioritise and implement solutions.

In responding to the far-reaching impacts of the climate emergency, we frequently work with UK colleagues across business units to provide holistic sustainable solutions. We work with international colleagues to provide best practice solutions that utilises our global skills and expertise, notably in local energy systems.

Our clients span both the public and private sectors. As well as engineering-led projects, in the public sector our ESP Policy Advisory team works on projects for national and local governments, supporting organisations develop local plans and policies that enable the net zero transition. In the private sector, we typically work for developers and buildings portfolios owners, and as we continue to grow our clients will extend into the commercial and industrial sector.

We operate a flexible approach to working and it is not expected that you will be required in the office on a daily basis, though the facility is available if that is your preference.

Your Key Tasks And Responsibilities

Managing projects, including:

Managing budgets, resources and quality of outputs
Managing client relations. Working closely and collaboratively with clients to understand and respond to their needs
Engaging and working with key project stakeholders
Creating innovative low carbon energy solutions, including concept designs and drawings, calculations and specifications
Assessing low carbon options and recommending viable, cost-effective solutions
Writing engaging and visual reports to communicate project findings and make recommendations in an accessible and impactful way
Presenting outcomes to clients and key project stakeholders

Other Key Tasks and Responsibilities;

Supporting business development activities. Bid writing, growing relations within the business, maintaining relations with existing key clients, and supporting ESP service line growth
Working with and supporting junior members of the team in their learning and development

Your starting point for constant growth

From the moment you join Ramboll, we will support your personal and professional development so that you grow with the company. For this role, we believe your starting point is:

Mechanical, process or energy engineering related degree, ideally with energy systems involvement, or post-graduate qualification thereof
Chartered, or working towards Chartered status, with a recognised professional institution
Experience of managing projects
Experience in developing and designing area-based low carbon energy solutions
Experience of techno-economic modelling low carbon energy solutions and appreciation of financial and commercial business delivery models
Experience in District Energy

Personal qualities that will help you succeed in this role include:

Good communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in written reports and oral presentations, and to those of a non-technical background
‘Can do’ attitude, likes a challenge, and solution-focused
Passionate about sustainability and wanting to make a positive change to address climate change
7 years relevant experience

How To Apply

Apply online. Attach your CV, cover letter and relevant documents showcasing why you are the right fit for the role, and when you are available to start.

An equal opportunity employer

Equality, diversity and inclusion is at the heart of what we do. At Ramboll, we believe that diversity is a strength and that different experiences and perspectives are essential to creating truly sustainable societies. We are committed to providing an inclusive and supportive work environment, where everyone is able to flourish and reach their potential.

We invite applications from candidates from all backgrounds, regardless of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief, sex and sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic.

As a Disability Confident Committed employer, Ramboll ensures opportunities are accessible to candidates with disabilities. Please reach out to our recruitment team to discuss any adjustments that you might require during the application process.

We also know how important it is to achieve the right balance of where, when and how much you work. When you join Ramboll, you’ll have the freedom to work your hours flexibly and our positive approach to hybrid working will help you to discover the split between home and office that works for you and your role.
About the job
Summary

The Senior Impact Officer (Energy) will play an important role in supporting the delivery of RE100’s national and regional programmes as well as providing expertise on renewable energy (energy geeks encouraged!) across Climate Group. This role, based in RE100’s Impact team, provides an exciting opportunity to make a difference in a world-renowned corporate renewable energy initiative that brings together hundreds of large and ambitious businesses committed to 100% renewable electricity.


About Climate Group

Climate Group is an Equal Opportunities Employer. We are committed to equality, diversity and inclusion, ensuring that everyone in our team has the opportunity to thrive and excel. We welcome and encourage job applications from people of all backgrounds.

Climate Group drives climate action. Fast. Our goal is a world of net zero carbon emissions by 2050, with greater prosperity for all.

We focus on systems with the highest emissions and where our networks have the greatest opportunity to drive change. We do this by building large and influential networks and holding organisations accountable, turning their commitments into action.

We share what we achieve together to show more organisations what they could do. We are an international non-profit organisation, founded in 2004, with offices in London, Amsterdam, Beijing, New Delhi and New York.


About the role

Now in its eighth year, RE100 is successfully driving policy change in markets around the world. We are seeking a talented individual to help us to expand this work, as part of our growing RE100 Impact team.

The Senior Impact Officer (Energy) will play an important role in supporting the delivery of RE100’s national and regional programmes as well as providing expertise on renewable energy (energy geeks encouraged!) across Climate Group’s portfolio of work in the energy system. The RE100 Impact team is responsible for RE100’s policy and programme delivery work and this position will be its sixth member. The position will contribute to RE100’s country and regional programmes in priority markets which include Japan, South Korea, South Africa, Latin America and Southeast Asia.

The Senior Impact Officer will work with a wide range of stakeholders internally and externally, including the broader RE100 team, regional Climate Group offices (India, China, United States, Europe), the technical team at CDP, and RE100 Corporate Members and International Partners.

Some of the responsibilities of the Senior Impact Officer include:

Project management
Development and delivery of policy and program activities, in collaboration with partners and RE100 member companies;
Coordinate relationships with RE100 Local Campaign Partners;
Liaise with colleagues across different teams to ensure plans are developed with clear objectives, scope, desired outcomes and deliverables;
Track policy engagement and report against impact indicators.

Energy expertise and research
Analyse policy and market barriers to corporate procurement of renewable electricity in new priority geographies (e.g. markets in Southeast Asia and Latin America);
Synthesise policy recommendations based on research and consultations;
Support the development of resources for policymakers and energy actors aligned with RE100’s Global Policy Messages;
Review reports and other content and advise on technical considerations;
Capture and communicate key energy policy shifts that impact RE100s work.
Policy
Lead opportunity scoping exercises and stakeholder mapping for priority country and regional programmes;
Contribute to the management and delivery of policy working groups and policy engagement plans;
Plan and develop content for a range of events including policy workshops, roundtables and panel discussions including for Climate Week NYC, COP and other global conferences and events.


About you

Essential:
Knowledge of renewable electricity markets, ideally with experience in a policy, public affairs and/or communications capacity;
Experience working on impactful projects or campaigns;
Strong research and writing skills and ability to synthesise policy messaging from complex content;
Strong organisational skills, with attention to detail and ability to multi-task;
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to build effective working relationships across a range of cultural contexts;
Commitment to the mission of Climate Group and RE100.
Desirable:
Qualification or direct experience in policy, public affairs, energy, economics, international relations or related fields;
Experience working in or in partnership with the private sector and ideally with senior personnel;
Experience organising events that convene a range of stakeholders;
Experience working in emerging markets;
Appreciation of commercial and financial drivers for businesses and NGOs.


Our location

You’ll be based in our London head office near Tower Bridge (SE1 2NQ), a 12-minute walk from London Bridge station and enjoy the benefits of flexible and hybrid working: 3 days in the office and 2 days from home.

As well as having excellent green credentials, our brand new open-plan workspace offers the ultimate flexibility for your working day, whether you’re working collaboratively, hosting a hybrid meeting with your global colleagues, or need some focus time in an acoustic booth or at a standing desk. The building also offers a well-equipped gym, secure bike parking and showers.


What we offer

Our people are at the heart of what we do and are our greatest asset. You’ll be joining a global community of bold, ambitious doers who are committed to driving climate action fast. This is a full-time, permanent position.

The salary offered is £32,950 – £36,260 per annum, based on experience.

In addition to the rewards you’ll find from working with friendly, passionate people who’ll challenge and help you grow, we offer a fantastic benefits package:
25 days’ holiday per year, plus public holidays
Long-service holiday bonus of an additional day after three and six years’ service
10% non-contributory pension scheme after three months’ service
Hybrid working
Private medical insurance and cash plan on completion of probation
Life assurance
Monthly wellbeing allowance plus Headspace membership
Paid leave for volunteering, moving house and getting married
Season ticket loan
Bike loan scheme
Comprehensive learning and development initiatives to help you reach your full potential


Apply now

Submit your application now using the ‘Apply’ button.

Applications for this position should come in the form of a CV and a one-page cover letter which should include why you want to work with Climate Group and how your experience, skills and knowledge relate to the competencies outlined above.

If you need any further information, require the job advert in an accessible format, or need additional support at any stage of the recruitment process, please contact Maris Tebecis, RE100 Senior Impact Manager, MTebecis@climategroup.org.

The closing date for applications is 12 February 2023. We’ll be holding interviews on a rolling basis, therefore welcome and encourage early applications.

The requisite eligibility criteria, or work visa to work in the UK are a requirement for this position and no relocation and/or sponsorship costs will be borne by Climate Group.
About the job
Contract Type

Permanent

Work pattern

Variable hours

Position Location

Brighton, UK; London, UK; Reading, UK; Bristol, UK; Manchester, UK; Leeds, UK; Newcastle, UK; Edinburgh, UK; Glasgow, UK; Inverness, UK; Aberdeen, UK;

Job Description

Do you want to work for a company whose purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes, and to transform businesses, communities, and opportunities for it’s employees? Mott MacDonald is a global consultancy whose people do exactly that.

We are currently looking for a senior carbon advisor with experience in infrastructure and the built environment to join our climate change and asset management team.

The successful candidate will have solid experience within a similar role and would be responsible for the delivery of carbon management advisory projects for a wide range of clients in the water and other infrastructure sectors.

This Includes

Leading the winning and delivery of strategic carbon management and climate change projects
Provide senior inputs in carbon assessments/footprinting for infrastructure investment appraisal studies
Support our team improve existing carbon quantification tools to align with latest good practice
Work with our water and other infrastructure specialists to identify future sustainability and climate change opportunities with our water sector clients
Developing carbon management strategies for water utilities and other infrastructure clients
Asset management/planning and engagement with infrastructure clients
Assessing the performance of projects against national and international standards and to inform the development of project design taking into account carbon management and other sustainability metrics
We are looking for motivated strategic thinkers, who want to generate the best possible outcomes for our clients, the environment and society, with an interest in developing their knowledge and experience, joining our existing team of carbon specialists, climate scientists, data scientists, engineers, environmentalists, asset managers and investment planning advisors in infrastructure.

Candidate Specification

Relevant science, engineering or other related degree
Excellent numerical skills, including the use of Excel and other tools
Knowledge of legislation and policy influencing carbon and climate change
Experience in leading the delivery of carbon footprinting / carbon management projects across a range of project types delivery against scope, quality and budget, especially in the infrastructure sector
Utility scale water sector experience – experience in other infrastructure sectors desirable
Well-rounded knowledge on wider sustainability and climate change issues
Project management, client liaison and consulting skills
Keen interest in developing your technical and commercial skills
Knowledge of key methodologies and data sources associated with carbon footprinting and carbon management, (e.g. PAS2080: Carbon Management in infrastructure, among others)
Experience in engaging with clients, particularly asset owners, to open new carbon advisory opportunities and turn them into project work and clear deliverables
Experience of using asset information

Desirable

Asset Management and investment prioritisation experience
Experience with water sector (or other economic infrastructure sectors) regulation and drivers
International experience could be beneficial, but is not essential

If you meet 80% or more of what we’re looking for, please still apply. We understand not everyone will meet all the requirements, but you might have skills we didn’t know we need.

Job Profile

Carbon management is a key driver for all infrastructure clients and the wider built environment with most organisations now having ambitious carbon reduction and net zero carbon targets. This includes Europe, Australasia and increasingly regions such as the Middle East, North America and others where there is now recognition that investment in low carbon infrastructure is needed to meet the Paris Agreement goals.

In this role you will apply your knowledge and experience on a diverse range of advisory projects and strategic/feasibility studies, particularly in the infrastructure sectors including water. You will have the opportunity to further develop your skills across different areas of our portfolio, such as carbon strategies, applying standards such as PAS 2080, developing low carbon solutions and decarbonisation roadmaps, and business improvement initiatives in infrastructure owners amongst others.

We are seeking a Senior Carbon Specialist who will represent the company in technical meetings, supervise the work of more junior staff, and provide technical and professional guidance to aid their development. This role will present you with a fantastic opportunity to further develop your technical and management skills through your project work, with great prospects for career progression as the business continues to grow.

At Mott MacDonald, we’re wholly owned by colleagues who work in our business. Being independent means that we can choose our own direction and focus on what we believe is important for our clients, our people and those communities which we work and live in. We are dedicated to deliver Social Outcomes through the use of digital innovation and excellence in what we do. We are a family of people excited to solve complex challenges that have a positive impact on the world, and we are always looking for like-minded people to join our team.

About The Business Unit

Environmental and social considerations are central to Mott MacDonald’s Purpose and its offerings across all sectors and territories. Our environment and social business provides essential services and innovative solutions which anticipate our clients' needs across all sectors.

How to apply

To apply for this role, please complete our 15-minute application via our website. Our talent acquisition coordinators aim to provide feedback within 5 working days with the outcome of your application. More information about our application process can be found here . If you have any questions regarding your application or the role, please reach out to the dedicated recruiter listed who will be more than happy to help.

Mott MacDonald is Work180 accredited – which means we actively support and encourage women to join our work force!

Benefits We Offer

Pension matched up to 7%
Life insurance
An annual professional institution subscription
Continuous development opportunities – because we want you to thrive
Agile/flexible working – because life isn’t 9-5
Enhanced parental leave; shared parental leave policies – for parents and care givers
Annual company performance bonus scheme – Subject to company performance
Flexible benefits that suit you, including cycle to work & interest free season ticket loans .
The opportunity to make a difference; learn more about our social outcomes

Other Information

Equality, diversity and inclusion

We put equality, diversity and inclusion at the heart of our business, seeking to promote fair employment procedures and practices to ensure equal opportunities for all. We encourage individual expression in our workplace and are committed to creating an inclusive environment where everyone feels they have the opportunity to contribute.


If you have a disability and would prefer to apply in a different format or would like us to make reasonable adjustments to enable you to apply or attend an interview, please contact us at reasonable.adjustments@mottmac.com and we will talk to you about how we can assist.


Agile working

At Mott MacDonald, we believe it makes business sense for you and your manager to choose how you can work most effectively to meet your client, team and personal commitments. We embrace agility, flexibility and trust.


More About Mott MacDonald

We’re a global engineering, management and development consultancy.

Our purpose is to improve society by considering social outcomes in everything we do, relentlessly focusing on excellence and digital innovation, transforming our clients’ businesses, our communities and employee opportunities.

A fundamental part of this is respecting each person’s differences and striving to meet their needs.

Our values: progress, respect, integrity, drive, excellence

Job Ref

61853BR

Recruiter Contact

Holly McDonald Gallagher

Country

United Kingdom

Region/State

England - Midlands, England - North East, England - North West, England - South East, England - South West, Scotland

Discipline

Civil, Water

Sector

Water

Website Region

Europe and Central Asia

Website Sector

Water and wastewater
About the job
About The Role

Balfour Beatty is looking for a talented Environment & Sustainability Advisor to Join our Central Rail Systems Alliance team based at our Aston depot in Birmingham. You will be part of a fascinating, complex, varied and meaningful work. This is a flexible role, which will include travelling to various sites within the region and some remote working. A company car will be provided.

Role Purpose

To provide guidance, support, advice and compliance monitoring on Environment and Sustainability to ensure compliance with the Balfour Beatty HSES integrated Business Management System (BMS), Legislation, BSI requirements and Client standards.
To provide on-site engagement, coaching and support on E&S and promote safe behaviours on site.

What you'll be doing

Ensure the project is compliant with all E&S Regulations, Company Policies and the BMS.
Contribute to the implementation of the Zero Harm & Sustainability Action Plan.
Provide E&S advice and support at an operational level.
Provide support to investigate accidents, incidents and near miss events.
Support the local audit programme across their Project /Business area.
Undertake planned & unplanned inspections, audit and reviews of projects.
Produce formal reports on findings and and communicate these to the project.
Contribute to local and national E&S projects (e.g. Involved Plans, Social Value, Environmental Social Management Plans).
Support the design teams during planning stage to identify and control risk.
Engage with site teams to identify best practice environmental mitigations and improved environmental compliance.
Deliver on-going approved E&S Awareness Training to meet project and business needs, and deliver toolbox talks and briefings to operational teams.
Assist in the development of E&S case studies and best practice.
Assist in the compilation of risk assessments and written environmental safe systems of work.
Ensure lessons learned are effectively communicated across the Project /Business area.

Who we're looking for

Educated to Degree level in a relevant field (Environment/Sustainability).
Proven experience of incident investigation/fact finding.
Practitioner Membership of IEMA or similar.
Experience or qualification in site auditing.
Good communicator with influencing and persuasion skills.
Good interpersonal skills and team player.
Personal Track Safety (PTS) (desirable)
Knowledge of Network Rails 015 environmental standard (desirable)

Why work for us

Day in, day out, our teams deliver amazing projects in challenging conditions; developing, managing and maintaining the vital infrastructure and public spaces that modern economies, societies and communities rely on.

About Us

Balfour Beatty Rail Limited is an international leader in rail infrastructure engineering projects and the UK's largest rail engineering and services provider. We offer a full range of rail infrastructure activities from high-speed rail to mass rapid transit, covering urban, rural and commuter routes, for both public and private railways.

For an example of the exciting work our rail teams undertake click here:

https://youtu.be/iGz4vrhopUY

At Balfour Beatty we are committed to creating a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture where everyone can be themselves and reach their full potential, not only because this is the right thing to do, but because it makes us a better business. To ensure we deliver on this commitment, we have a UK Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan which sets out the wide range of targeted, proactive, measurable steps we are taking to make this a reality. You can read our UK Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan in full at www.balfourbeatty.com/value_everyone

To help and support us with our desired commitment to create an inclusive culture we are members of WISE, enei, Business Disability Forum and Women into Construction. In 2020, we signed the Audeliss and Involve Open Letter to demonstrate our commitment to taking key long term and sustainable actions on Black Inclusion. Balfour Beatty is also a Gold Award holder in the Ministry of Defence 'Employer Recognition Scheme' and actively encourage applications from Armed Forces personnel, veterans and reservists.

As a Disability Confident Employer, we are committed to working with people who have disabilities and long-term health conditions to remove barriers for them in obtaining employment. We are also committed to offering applicants with a disability an interview if they meet the minimum requirements for the role.

Further information on Disability Confident can be found at: https://disabilityconfident.campaign.gov.uk/

#valueeveryone

Apply Now
About the job
Senior Consultant, Sustainability
Reporting to - Business Operations Manager
Location - London (Elephant & Castle)
Department - UK Power Networks Service
Reference number - 75784
Employment Type - Permanent
Contract Type - Services PMSNF
CiP/Bonus Level - 3%
Salary Range - £64,497 + benefits
Closing Date -
01/02/2023
We also offer :
Personal Pension Plan – Personal contribution rates of 4% or 5% (UK Power Networks will make a corresponding contribution of 8% or 10%)
Tenancy Loan Deposit scheme
Tax efficient benefits: cycle to work scheme
Season ticket loan
Occupational Health support
Switched On – scheme providing discount on hundreds of retailers products.
Supplier discounts, such as O2, EE, Vauxhall cars, Universal tyres
Discounted access to sports and social clubs
Employee Assistance Programme.
JOB PURPOSE:
The Senior Consultant reports to the Business Operations Manager, SHE. Working within our dedicated team of engineers, consultants and analysts, the Sustainability and Social Value Advisor will drive and further develop the environment and sustainability strategy to make UK Power Networks Services become one of the most environmentally and socially responsible network distribution and energy consulting companies. Lead the company on environmental issues, ensuring that environmental policies, procedures and guidance are developed governing all activities and assets for UK Power Networks Services.
The Senior Consultant is responsible for:
Developing and update our Sustainability and Social Value Strategy and Carbon Reduction Plan.
Developing processes to measure the benefits of our Sustainability and Social Value Strategy internally and for our clients
Leading the delivery of PAS 2080 and SBTI projects
Selling and delivering sustainability based consultancy work
Providing responses to sustainability and social value questions for tenders and client reporting requirements
Integrating an embodied carbon tool, carbon calculator and circular economy tool into the business
Supporting our Procurement Team to develop a balanced scorecard approach for our supply chain
Supporting our Marketing Team to develop a marketing plan that leverages our Sustainability and Social Value Strategy
Staying abreast of the needs of our industry within the sustainability and social value space.
Identifying opportunities and solutions to improve our carbon footprint and increase our social value.
Creating UKPN aligned business objectives and implement a roadmap to improved social value contribution
Developing a gap analysis of our existing approach to social value against the national
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Sustainability/Environment:
Development and delivery of UKPN Services’ Sustainability and Social Value Strategy in line with UKPN Services’ Vison and Values
Development and delivery of Carbon Reduction Plan.
Winning and delivering sustainability based consultancy projects.
Delivery of PAS 2080 and other environmental accreditations
Assessment of UKPN Services’ carbon footprint (offices, fleet and projects) and delivery of Science Based Targets.
Providing sustainability tender responses
Meeting client sustainability reporting requirements
Integration of an embodied carbon tool, carbon calculator and circular economy tool into the business
Staying abreast of the needs of our industry within the sustainability space.
Social Value:
Development and delivery of UKPN Services’ Sustainability and Social Value Strategy
Delivery of social value accreditations
Providing social value tender responses
Meeting client social value reporting requirements
Gap analysis of our existing approach to social value versus national reporting standards
Provide an assessment of local community needs
Project Management:
Lead the team in the development, communication and implementation of environmental procedures to ensure legal compliance.
Ensure all environmental permits and consents are in place and adhered to across the business footprint.
You will support the business in undertaking environmental incident investigations.
Be the environmental expert for 3rd party accreditation audits, including ISO 14001.
Analysis:
Review new and amended Environmental legislation and assess its relevance to all parts of the business and maintain the legislation register.
Develop project concepts, including stakeholder, commercial and regulatory considerations, which clearly states problem, solution, timeframe, and resource requirements
Innovation:
Develop and or deliver innovative engineering, commercial and technology projects aligned to improved sustainability or social value contribution
Thought leadership:
Present and document compelling cases and pitch ideas to senior management
Raise the profile of UKPN Services’ environmental plans through partner engagement events
Develop research, insight and thought leadership on sustainability and social value
NATURE AND SCOPE:
Working as part of a highly skilled team of engineers, consultants and analysts, you will have the opportunity to help UK Power Networks Services grow, while helping to develop and deliver innovative projects and business model.
SKILLS, QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPEREINCE:
We ask that you will be IEMA Chartered Environmentalist (CEnv) or working towards Degree qualified (or level 6 equivalent) in environmental science or other relevant subject.
You will be in the possession of additional qualifications in environmental management, auditing or sustainability.
Awareness of environmental issues in the electricity distribution industry.
Build good working relationships across the company to ensure that the highest standards of internal customer service and consultation are achieved and be seen as the point of reference for environmental matters.
Manage companywide projects to meet desired environmental goals and achieve wider business benefit.
You will be comfortable presenting across all levels of the organisation from board level to shop floor.
Good planning and decision making skills.
Strong report writing skills and ability to produce clear and logical written communication
Confidently build and maintain external and internal relationships
Willingness to travel from time to time
Flexible approach to work, and ability to multi-task, prioritise and manage time effectively to meet deadlines and client needs
Strong inter-personal / communication skills in order to present strategies, analysis and recommendations
Strong attention to detail and demonstrate accurate work
High level of IT literacy and numeracy skills
Desirable:
Knowledge of energy market, technologies and applications
Postgraduate technical/management qualification
Project / Programme management qualification e.g. PRINCE2/PMP
UK Power Networks Services actively encourages staff development and believes there are great opportunities for the right candidates to progress in the future.
Health & Safety Responsibilities
Managers and supervisors carry both legal and company responsibilities for ensuring the health and safety of their employees, those under their control and those who might be affected by the work undertaken, i.e. public, visitors and employees of other organisations. This includes briefing individuals working for them and ensuring there is the necessary understanding, competence and application of requirements to work safely and without harming the environment.
Employees will ensure they fully understand the health and safety risks involved in their work activities and their responsibility to apply the controls needed to manage those risks to acceptable levels. Similarly where work activities can have an adverse impact upon the environment, and particularly where there are legal requirements, employees will understand those impacts and the controls they must ensure are applied.
Employees need to be aware that for some craft and operational roles that work at height, or use fall arrest devices, there is an upper weight limit of 116Kg due to maximum safe working load of the safety equipment that is used.
If in doubt ask!
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
About the job
Job title: Energy and Sustainability Consultant or Senior
Department: London
Reports to: Partner in Charge

Job purpose
We have an excellent opportunity for a Senior Energy and Carbon Consultant to join our London office to help support the growth in demand for our UK-wide energy performance and net zero carbon services.
You will work in a positive environment, with full support, training and mentoring provided to achieve CIBSE Level 5 NDEA accreditation and Chartership (or Chartership through other relevant professional association) and have excellent career progression opportunities.
TFT’s Engineering and Sustainability hub consists of 21 engineers and consultants across our network of UK offices and provides a platform for professional and technical growth. You will have the opportunity to work on high profile commercial properties and developments for clients including abrdn, Derwent, Grosvenor, LaSalle, L&G, M&G and The Crown Estate.
The team is expanding, and this is an opportunity for a candidate to make an impact on key service lines within an established business, which is drive the decarbonisation of the built environment.
Context
TFT is the leading independent firm of Development, Built Asset & Engineering and Sustainability consultants. We place the wellbeing of people and the performance of buildings at the heart of everything we do.
We’re proud of our reputation for integrity and delivering work of the highest quality, blended with commercial pragmatism. We offer a strong track record across all commercial property sectors, advising investors, developers, occupiers and owners on maximising best property asset values. Diversity and strength in depth is important to us. Whether it be a technical thought leader with a career’s experience – or a recently qualified rising star – in today’s risk averse world you need people on your side with a reputation for diligence, transparency, intellect and commercial insight. Clients see TFT as large enough to provide the expertise and resources to get the best from their portfolios, and small enough for it to matter personally.
We have over 150 partners and employees operating from a network of offices in Birmingham, Bristol, Cambridge, Cardiff, Dublin, Edinburgh, Guildford, Leeds, London, Manchester and Southampton.
TFT is passionate about people development and will provide you with excellent and progressive career opportunities and sponsored learning.

Key accountabilities
Work directly with our key clients to understand their energy performance and net zero carbon needs, which will include the provision of advice, regular client contacts and adding value by signposting new research/industry collaborative opportunities/events or raising awareness of best practice.
Alongside your colleagues provide a leadership role within project teams to embed energy and sustainability best practice and promote innovation; this will include engaging with and inspiring teams to embrace sustainability in your own unique way in a range of environments including site visits, workshops, meetings, and problem-solving sessions.
Undertake and manage energy performance certification projects (EPC, MEES, DEC, ESOS etc.), including building surveys and the assessment of evidence submitted, create and update building simulation models using IES VE software.
Undertake dynamic simulation modelling required to address environmental assessments’ credit requirements, such as TM54, TM52, passive design, LZC studies, etc.
Carry out appraisals of existing buildings and new developments as part of technical due diligence for investors, focusing on key energy and carbon considerations such as MEES compliance, net zero carbon and operational energy performance.
Working closely with your colleagues, assess and model the performance of developments and provide operational energy data for whole life carbon appraisals and when necessary, produce accompanying reports.
Assist in the development of other members of the Engineering and Sustainability Hub in the principles of Energy and Carbon, including use of dynamic simulation modelling and other tools, through on the job learning and coaching.
Draft requirements for tender documentation for contractors when required.
Alongside your colleagues support the development of climate change resilience strategies that will address both the chronic impacts of climate change on energy demand and cost over time at an asset level.

We encourage our team members to undertake CPD and in shaping the industry conversation and as such we support your participation in industry events, working groups, and attendance at networking opportunities.
We will support you in developing your networking and BD capabilities and encourage that you draw on your network of contacts, proactively engage in business development and promote TFT.
Preparing case studies, award submission content and blogs.

Performance criteria
Minimum 5 years’ experience within an engineering and energy and carbon consultancy environment.
Degree in mechanical/electrical engineering, environmental engineering, sustainable design and construction, or similar. Ideally, an MSc in an energy and low carbon related course.
Be commercially minded, with 3 to 5 years’ experience of working with real estate investors, developers and occupiers.
Hands-on experience of delivering complex projects within the built environment, building services or engineering, and development of low and zero carbon energy strategies. Good understanding of building services, their operation and applicability.
Ability to assess technical data and architectural drawings. Competency in AutoCAD, Microsoft Office packages is essential. Knowledge of Revit, Google SketchUp, Python, MATLAB, VBA, Rhino or similar would be beneficial.
Ideally, be an accredited CIBSE LCEA Level 5 assessor and have 3 to 5 years of associated experience; an expert in the use of IES VE.
Extensive knowledge of energy modelling including asset and operational ratings/assessments, UK energy and sustainability policy framework and legislation, Building Regulations.
Experience in delivering Minimum Energy Efficiency Standards (MEES) assessments, providing domestic and non-domestic Part L compliance advice.
Ability to help to create and build successful client relationships.
Demonstrable understanding of M&E systems within buildings, including practical implementation of low energy and carbon design.
Understanding of Revit and BIM.

Skills and behaviour
Must be able to work as part of a team, but be self-motivating and work independently when necessary
Confident communicator both verbally and in writing
Driven and ambitious to achieve
Thorough understanding of the needs and demands of a wide range of people and how to meet and exceed their expectations
Accurate with high attention to detail
Ideally strong analytical and mathematical skills
A flexible approach to work with a willingness to travel
Excellent organisational skills
Able to work as part of a multi-disciplinary team
Ability to develop commercial awareness and desire to be client facing
Full UK driving licence

Package indicators
Competitive salary offered plus benefits: discretionary bonus scheme, mobile phone & laptop, Private Health Care (after 12 months), Personal Accident cover, Life Assurance, 25 days’ holiday, flexible working opportunities and one day a year charity leave.
Cycle scheme, interest free season ticket loan and company pension scheme on completion of probationary period.
About the job
The purpose of this role is to help deliver the energy efficiency improvements needed to create a resilient and sustainable business and hit our target of being net zero carbon by 2030.The role involves working with the existing energy & environment team to undertake energy surveys, identify opportunities and solutions, develop business cases, support implementation, develop innovative solutions, monitor and then verify energy/water savings. A significant part of the role will involve working with regional leadership and field teams using a data-led approach to identify and implement optimisation opportunities with existing plant and equipment. Previous direct experience in energy management, building services or a similar sector is required, ideally in a real-estate or multi-residential context, the role is open to anyone with the necessary aptitudes and abilities who is keen to make a difference.The role will involve working with the existing team, will require regular travel and include training and development opportunities.

What You`ll Be Doing
Support and work with the team and wider business to help implement our Energy & Environment Strategy, aiming to maximise the business benefits from reducing our environmental impacts, and meet our overall environmental sustainability targets.
Keep up to date with relevant legislation and regulation and assist in development of plans and projects to remain compliant.
Keep up to date with emerging technologies, techniques, and trends in energy efficiency, helping to provide technical energy efficiency support and guidance to the business.
Undertake energy surveys, data analysis and modelling using existing tools to identify energy efficiency opportunities and potential interventions, including assessment of potential energy, carbon and cost savings and impact on EPC rating and building compliance.
Support development of business cases and support our project delivery function and field teams in the implementation of improvements via projects and programmes of work.
Assist with ongoing management and development of energy and environmental management systems including policies, procedures and reporting.
What We`re Looking for in You
Numerate and competent using excel to a good standard including basic formulae and working with large data sets. Experience of using Tableau, Power BI or similar would be desirable.
Good verbal and written communication, able to communicate complex or technical concepts to all audiences, develop and deliver reports, business cases and updates via a range of media including written reports, presentations and verbal briefings.
Good interpersonal skills and comfortable interacting, collaborating and building constructive relationships with colleagues in different functions at a range of levels across the business, including in field operations, central support, and development.
Able to travel to complete surveys and meet with regional teams across the country (mostly city centre locations accessible by rail).
Enthusiastic and passionate about helping make Unite Students a sustainable and resilient business, and specifically helping us meet our 2030 net zero carbon target.
Ability to quickly learn and understand new concepts, technical material and topics, analyse problems, assess competing priorities, and identify practical and creative solutions to challenges.
Experience and understanding of energy management including building fabric and services energy efficiency measures, low and zero carbon technologies, metering, and mechanical electrical and plumbing (MEP) services is essential.
Experience of utilities management including procurement, purchasing, metering, risk management, corporate power purchase agreements, and reporting would be advantageous but not essential.
Experience of design and specification of MEP systems including low and zero carbon technologies such as heat pumps, BMS, hot and cold water systems, LED lighting, and solar PV would be advantageous but not essential.
Experience modelling building energy performance using SBEM and other tools, production of non-domestic energy performance certificates (EPCs) would be advantageous but not essential.
Membership of a relevant technical body such as CIBSE or the EI demonstrating technical competence and ongoing development would be advantageous but not essential.
What You`ll Get in Return
An annual bonus so you can share in the company`s success
25 days` paid holiday
Pension - based on how much you save, we`ll contribute 1% more
Flexible working opportunities
Shared Parental Leave - 18 weeks full pay
Other benefits include, ShareSave, Bike to Work, Charity Match, amazing discounts and more!
About Unite Students

Founded in 1991, Unite Students is a FTSE 100 business and the UK`s leading provider of purpose-built student accommodation. You can find us in 25 leading university towns and cities, with 74,000 students calling US home! We are driven by our values, culture, and a commitment to develop diverse and inclusive teams, filled with positive energy and new ideas.

Instinctive inclusion. We know that to create and maintain a happy healthy organisation, we have to work hard to ensure inclusion isn`t just what we do but who we are.

People make Unite Students. Employees, students and neighbours all contribute to building environments where we can all thrive.

Room for Everyone

We`re proud to be an employer that embraces individuality, and we`re passionate about building inclusive teams. We focus on creating a collaborative culture where you can be you, where your voice is heard, and where you can truly belong. We take great pride in being rated Gold Investors in People and are constantly striving to provide the highest standard of learning and development opportunities and professional pathways for our people. Building a home for success, for both our employees and students, requires exceptional people with a passion for creating room for everyone, doing what`s right, keeping US safe, and raising the bar. Join us as we build better experiences for students that live with us.

We are US.
About the job
RPS has a vacancy for an Energy & Sustainability Consultant to join our London team. RPS is a leading global multi-disciplinary consultancy. We specialise in all areas of the built and natural environment, shaping the future of our environmental, social and economic landscapes. Our award-winning team has developed a focus in Net Zero Carbon delivering tailored services to local councils and private organisations. We also provide a range of assessments (Energy Reports, Overheating Assessments, Daylight Analysis, BREEAM Assessments, Sustainability Statements etc) to a multitude of clients, supplying valuable services to lead design teams and clients through the complexities of the planning process.

Your role

You will be working with a well-established and passionate team of highly knowledgeable environmental consultants giving you the opportunity to develop your skill set and progress your career. You’ll be undertaking your own energy projects with the support of more senior members of the team when required. You will support across a range of projects and technical area’s including: Net Zero Carbon strategies, energy assessments and compliance, thermal modelling, site visits, appraisal and report writing.

With climate change impacting us all and Net Zero Carbon initiatives commencing across the UK, you can be part of making a difference and solving problems that matter.

Your Skills And Experience

We’d like you to have a degree (BSc / BEng) in a relevant subject and with preference to Building Services Engineering and preferably a relevant Masters (MSc/MEng) or post graduate qualification, and/or holding a chartership of a relevant institution (CIBSE/ The Energy Institute).

You should have a good understanding of building services, building physics, thermal principles and associated calculations, technical knowledge of current and future legislation in relation to best practice e.g. Part L and the London Plan.

Experience in carrying out modelling in IES software and Energy Statements/Reports would be essential. Knowledge in performing BREEAM, and Whole Life Carbon Assessments would also be useful experience for this role, but not essential.

Strong communication skills are essential as you’ll need to be able to build strong working relationships with your colleagues, clients and external bodies.Commitment to developing your technical knowledge and a positive approach to your own professional development is essential and is fully supported by us.

What We Offer You

We will provide you with a flexible, friendly and creative environment in our flagship London office to develop your skills and challenge yourself. We support our people to innovate, collaborate and build meaningful careers. Our network of people and knowledge will expand your horizons and give you access to a variety of interesting projects across the UK and potentially further afield.

Our employees are rewarded with competitive salaries, opportunities to invest and many other benefits including: 25 days holiday + bank holidays, Option to purchase up to 5 extra days per year, Company pension scheme, Group Disability Scheme, Share Incentive Scheme, Life Assurance, Cycle to Work Scheme, Health Screening, Employee Assistance Programme, Dental Cover, Gadget Insurance, Professional Memberships and access to BenefitHub offering discounts, cash back offers and rewards

About RPS

RPS is a leading global professional services firm with over 4,600 people. Our company is flexible, friendly, and creative.We strive to be different from our competitors by being passionate about delivering results. We define, design and manage projects that create shared value in a complex, urbanising and resource-scarce world. Connecting with our global expertise we make it easy for our clients to create winning solutions for their communities and their clients. By being confidently pragmatic we solve problems that matter. We make complex easy.

Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion Mindful that a truly inclusive organization must make appropriate use of talent on a global basis and without unnecessary barriers, we are committed to embedding diversity and inclusion principles in all People processes in order to be as diverse as the communities and clients we work with, thereby securing, developing, and retaining the best available talent for the company’s future.

Our approach to Diversity and inclusion Our people live our purpose, deliver our promise, and demonstrate our behaviours every day. Our behaviours define who we are. Developed by our people, they underpin everything that we do. They create the memorable experiences we are known for and make RPS a great place to do great work.

‘Stronger Together’ is one of our five core behaviours and it is inherent in creating an inclusive workplace:

‘We are respectful, acknowledge diversity, and recognise the potential and contribution of everyone. We bring out the best in one another, always assuming best intent. People who learn and grow thrive in our business, sharing in our success.’

Recruitment Agencies We have a Preferred Supplier List of trusted partners to assist us when required and do not acknowledge any speculative CVs or unsolicited candidate introductions from agencies not on this list. Please refer to the careers page on our website if you require any further information.
About the job
Job Description

Inviting bright minds

Do you want to push the boundaries of your profession and develop your excellence in an open, collaborative and empowering culture? Ramboll is at the forefront of addressing the green transition and offers a holistic approach to energy that supports the sector on the journey towards more sustainable solutions. We work to create a sustainable future and our inspiring projects and innovative solutions aim to set the standard among our peers. You will join a global company that has been growing successfully since its founding in 1945. Together, we lead and leave a positive impact on societies, companies, and people around the world. Ramboll operates a flexible working policy, and with this you will be part of an exciting team of experts, who respects each other and works towards a common goal.

Our Energy Strategy and Planning Service

You will be part of a dynamic and growing team, leading on the technical and engineering aspects of our projects which typically involve area-based solutions. With the climate emergency in sharp focus, our approach is to deliver long-lasting low carbon energy solutions. We take a whole energy system approach that considers the interplay and efficiency benefits of a multi-vector design. Projects typically involve pre-design strategies and concept designs, masterplans, feasibility studies and technical inputs to business case development. We often assess multiple scenarios and make recommendations for decarbonisation pathways, and programmes of work to prioritise and implement solutions.

In responding to the far-reaching impacts of the climate emergency, we frequently work with UK colleagues across business units to provide holistic sustainable solutions. We work with international colleagues to provide best practice solutions that utilises our global skills and expertise, notably in local energy systems.

Our clients span both the public and private sectors. As well as engineering-led projects, in the public sector our ESP Policy Advisory team works on projects for national and local governments, supporting organisations develop local plans and policies that enable the net zero transition. In the private sector, we typically work for developers and buildings portfolios owners, and as we continue to grow our clients will extend into the commercial and industrial sector.

We operate a flexible approach to working and it is not expected that you will be required in the office on a daily basis, though the facility is available if that is your preference.

Your Key Tasks And Responsibilities

Managing projects, including:

Managing budgets, resources and quality of outputs
Managing client relations. Working closely and collaboratively with clients to understand and respond to their needs
Engaging and working with key project stakeholders
Creating innovative low carbon energy solutions, including concept designs and drawings, calculations and specifications
Assessing low carbon options and recommending viable, cost-effective solutions
Writing engaging and visual reports to communicate project findings and make recommendations in an accessible and impactful way
Presenting outcomes to clients and key project stakeholders

Other Key Tasks and Responsibilities;

Supporting business development activities. Bid writing, growing relations within the business, maintaining relations with existing key clients, and supporting ESP service line growth
Working with and supporting junior members of the team in their learning and development

Your starting point for constant growth

From the moment you join Ramboll, we will support your personal and professional development so that you grow with the company. For this role, we believe your starting point is:

Mechanical, process or energy engineering related degree, ideally with energy systems involvement, or post-graduate qualification thereof
Chartered, or working towards Chartered status, with a recognised professional institution
Experience of managing projects
Experience in developing and designing area-based low carbon energy solutions
Experience of techno-economic modelling low carbon energy solutions and appreciation of financial and commercial business delivery models
Experience in District Energy

Personal qualities that will help you succeed in this role include:

Good communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to communicate clearly and concisely in written reports and oral presentations, and to those of a non-technical background
‘Can do’ attitude, likes a challenge, and solution-focused
Passionate about sustainability and wanting to make a positive change to address climate change
7 years relevant experience

How To Apply

Apply online. Attach your CV, cover letter and relevant documents showcasing why you are the right fit for the role, and when you are available to start.

An equal opportunity employer

Equality, diversity and inclusion is at the heart of what we do. At Ramboll, we believe that diversity is a strength and that different experiences and perspectives are essential to creating truly sustainable societies. We are committed to providing an inclusive and supportive work environment, where everyone is able to flourish and reach their potential.

We invite applications from candidates from all backgrounds, regardless of age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief, sex and sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic.

As a Disability Confident Committed employer, Ramboll ensures opportunities are accessible to candidates with disabilities. Please reach out to our recruitment team to discuss any adjustments that you might require during the application process.

We also know how important it is to achieve the right balance of where, when and how much you work. When you join Ramboll, you’ll have the freedom to work your hours flexibly and our positive approach to hybrid working will help you to discover the split between home and office that works for you and your role.
About the job
Senior Energy Consultant/Energy Manager

Exciting opportunity for an experienced Building Service Engineer/Energy Manager to join this award-winning, Boutique Sustainability Consultancy with exciting plans for further growth. Greengage are seeking an experienced Senior Energy Consultant/Energy Manager to join their growing Net Zero Carbon business.

Greengage work with range of prestigious clients across various real estate types, helping make significant improvement on energy management and efficiency.

The person joining will have the significant advantage of working at the forefront of radical change within the industry. It is an exciting opportunity that would suit someone wanting to really make a difference in the sector.

Greengage pride themselves on their passion and vision to genuinely help organisations achieve meaningful impacts on their journey towards Net Zero and Climate Change adaptation. Their highly focused approach and cutting-edge methodologies have resulted in an enviable portfolio of high profile and loyal clients.

You will be joining a very diverse, sociable and fun organisation. They operate a flat structure so there is significant scope for growth and career progression. It's not like the larger organisations with many people clambering for the same promotion, you can genuinely develop your career at a pace to suit you. Their great culture also includes significant flexible working.

Location

London – Flexible working arrangements available, with a minimum 2 days a week in London

The Role

We are looking for an individual with an understanding of energy in buildings to join the growing Net Zero Carbon business within Greengage The role will involve the following:

· Project managing the delivery of energy audits across large portfolios including a mix of commercial and residential buildings
· Making recommendations regarding key measures to upgrade the building fabric and services
· Recommending building operational energy efficiency and performance improvements
· Developing Net Zero Strategies for properties and setting out their net zero transition plan
· Carrying out Carbon Baselining and Setting Targets at a Fund/portfolio/ property level
· Supporting the delivery of on-site energy reductions within buildings

The role would suit those with energy management experience and/or those with experience of developing energy reduction strategies for existing buildings. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of relevant industry experience, who is looking for the next step in their career and should be able to demonstrate the following core skills:

· Good understanding of building fabric, HVAC and energy systems and where typical savings can be made
· Good understanding of the cost of implementing various upgrade measures
· Good understanding of building energy consumption, profiles and opportunities for savings
· Exposure to energy reduction and management strategies
· Passionate about sustainability and playing a positive role in tackling the impacts of climate change
· Strong Project Management Skills
· Strong Excel, data calculation and analysis skills

Rewards & Benefits

Greengage’s organisation has a fantastic culture, creating a loyal and passionate team of industry specialists, making a real difference to the climate crisis rather than driven by pure profit.

The company culture ensures a healthy work life balance for staff, alongside actively supporting you to become an industry expert and thought leader. You will be actively encouraged to partake and host regular industry events and attend ongoing training raising yours and the profile of the business.

On offer is a highly competitive salary and benefits package along with realistic/significant performance related bonus.

About Greengage

Now in their 16th year, Greengage has a team of over 40 full time staff. The business has enjoyed continued success with significant year-on-year growth. It has developed an enviable reputation with a range of prestigious clients across various sectors. Greengage provide staff with a vibrant and dynamic working environment, including significant training and career progression, alongside flexible working arrangements.

Even if you are cautiously looking, I would highly recommend a discreet conversation to find out more about the firm and the role.
About the job
4,000 professionals, 0 days wasted, 1 incredible purpose. Together, we will beat cancer.

Research Events Manager
Salary: £35,000 - £40,000 pa + benefits depending on experience
Contract type/ hours: Permanent / full time 35 hours (flexible working requests considered)
Location: Stratford, London (High flex – we’d expect you to be in the office 1 to 2 days a week)

Application Deadline: Sunday 12th February at 23.55. This vacancy may close earlier if a high number of applications are received or once a suitable candidate is found, so please do not delay submitting your application to avoid any disappointment.

At Cancer Research UK, we exist to beat cancer
We are professionals with purpose, beating cancer every day. But we need to go much further and much faster. That’s why we we’re looking for someone talented, someone innovative and ambitious, someone like you.

What will I be doing?
Our research events are one of the most effective avenues to engage with the scientific community, designed to showcase cutting edge science, bring together an international community and facilitate collaborations.
Our events and webinars portfolio has seen significant growth following the launch of our new research strategy which identified a number of new priority areas. Working closely with programme leads across our Research & Innovation Directorate, the events team will drive engagement in these areas.
This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced events organiser to build on our successes to date and take our events to the next level, by identifying innovative new event approaches and leveraging sponsorship for some of our most high-profile events.

Key duties include -
Manage the development and implementation of our annual events for the Research and Innovation (R&I) Directorate
Provide expert guidance and support to teams across R&I when delivering events for the research community.
Oversee all event logistics and operational planning for assigned events, including programme development, delegate communication, speaker liaison, poster arrangements and sourcing venue, catering and travel.
Work closely with the Marketing and Communications Team to draft accurate and targeted marketing materials and produce branded materials to be used at events and conferences.
Work closely with our Creative team to design event assets and promotional materials including flyers, brochures, event stands.
Create and oversee event budgets for all assigned events.
Negotiate and project manage key suppliers including venues, caterers, print suppliers and other agencies.
Evaluate event success and make recommendations for future event activity.
Leverage sponsorship by identifying new partners and building-on already established relationships.
Designing and creating sponsorship brochures
Promote and deliver sponsorship activity for all assigned events to achieve income targets.
Establish and maintain strong working relationships, working collaboratively with internal and external stakeholders, partners and groups to ensure the success of the events.

What skills are we looking for?
Strong events delivery experience required. Experience in the delivery of scientific events, large scale conferences or exhibitions would be an advantage.
Educated to a degree level or equivalent experience in event management
Demonstrable skills and knowledge in all aspects of event management and delivery and experience of delivery events for a diverse audience
Experience of developing and managing relationships effectively with multiple stakeholders
Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to network and maintain good working relationships
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work in a high pressure and complex environment
Very organised with strong time management and prioritisations skills, with the ability to meet tight deadlines
Willingness to work outside normal office hours. Some events require weekend work and travel around the UK, and potentially internationally, is required
Excellent administration, planning and IT (proficient in Microsoft Office)
Experience of working with budgets and monitoring expenditure is desirable

What will I gain?
Each and every one of our employees contributes to our progress and is supporting our work to beat cancer. We think that’s impressive.
In return, we make sure you are supported by a generous benefits package, a wide range of career and personal development opportunities and high-quality tools, policies and processes to enable you to do your job well.
Our benefits package includes a substantial retirement plan, a generous and flexible leave allowance, discounts on anything from travel to technology, gym membership, and much more.
We review pay annually and aim to recognise individual performance and achievements.
We don’t forget people have lives outside of work too and so we actively encourage a flexible working culture.
Our work – from funding cutting-edge research to developing public policy – will change the world. It’s exciting to be part of our team.

How do I apply?
We operate an anonymised shortlisting process in our commitment to equality, diversity and inclusion. CVs are required for all applications; but we won’t be able to view them until we invite you for an interview. Instead, we ask you to complete the work history section of the online application form for us to be able to assess you quickly, fairly and objectively.
For more updates on our work and careers, follow us on: Linked In, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube.
About the job
Be the difference in a decade of change

RCG, an ERM Group company, is an integrated market intelligence, management consulting and technical advisory firm focussed solely on the renewable energy sector, supporting the transition to a low carbon economy. RCG’s UK offices are in Glasgow and London, however we can discuss Hybrid/Remote working arrangements UK wide.

In this role you will support and lead the delivery of independent and owner’s engineer due diligence and technical advisory services, supporting projects through their feasibility, development, pre-construction, construction, and operational phases, with a focus on Solar and Battery Energy Storage System (BESS) technologies.

You’ll review commercial and utility scale photovoltaic (PV) solar projects as part of acquisitions, undertake construction monitoring and management for new projects, and support project design and optimization efforts. You will also support business development activities to develop existing client relationships and to secure new engagements, guide junior team members through project work, provide leadership by modelling high standards of performance and professionalism, and produce transaction-critical reports to drive the renewables transition.

Why join ERM?

We offer flexible working to suit your life – need to do the school run? Not a problem! More productive and happy if you work from home a few days per week? Go ahead! On top of your annual salary you’ll have 25 days annual leave + public holidays, annual salary review and performance related bonus, private medical insurance, medical cash plan, life assurance, income protection, employee assistance programme, volunteering and Give As You Earn opportunities, travel season ticket loan, premium account for Calm (the #1 app for sleep and meditation), Cycle2Work Scheme, discounts on gym membership and gift cards for a wide variety of retailers and restaurants, and we’ll double match your 3% pension contribution. We offer employees a Safety First, diverse and inclusive culture in which difference is embraced, valued and celebrated. With a robust career framework in place and 20+ technical communities of global experts you can join, there are great opportunities to advance your career here at ERM.

“I love working amongst a motivated, flexible and high-performing team contributing to the transition of the energy landscape” - Bert Chen, Principal Consultant, RCG/ERM

About You

Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in STEM, Renewables, Finance or Business subject
Solid experience in a relevant area (clean energy, development, construction, grid, regulatory or finance)
Experience with solar PV projects, including but not limited to ground mount, rooftop, floating, agrivoltaic
Exposure to solar modelling software
Excellent communication skills
Full valid driving licence which allows you to drive in the UK
About the job
Job Profile Summary
The Projects, Operations & Procurement Legal team sits at the heart of delivering on bp’s net zero ambition and strategy to become an international energy company.

We support the planning and delivery of bp’s most complex, exciting and innovative projects around the world, both in hydrocarbons and renewables e.g. development of an LNG project in Mauritania and Senegal; offshore wind assets in the UK and US; and first of a kind projects, such as the Net Zero Teeside CCUS project.

In this role you will provide legal support on major projects, in particular offshore wind, hydrogen and other new energy projects in addition to hydrocarbons and other operations. As part of this support, you will work closely with senior bp teams and leadership, supporting the delivery of innovative, integrated and international energy deals.

Job Advert
Key Accountabilities:

drafting, negotiating, analyzing and interpreting various forms of complex projects and commercial transactions and related documents, including major EPC, construction, project and operational contracts, joint venture, financing and power purchase agreements
identifying and assessing legal issues and risks affecting the various businesses, recommending effective legal strategies for the management of such issues and risks
working with relevant specialists within bp legal and other bp functions to ensure appropriate mitigation of risk and management of legal issues impacting the business, including in relation to the ongoing management of bp’s relationships and interests in joint ventures
strategic instruction, use and management of external counsel
advising on compliance matters, working with relevant bp legal specialists, including on: Anti Bribery and Corruption, Anti Trust, International Trade Regulations, Sanctions, Data Privacy and IP
identifying and providing client training on commercial legal areas deemed necessary and appropriate
Job Requirements:

experience advising on major project delivery, EPC and related construction contracts and/or fast paced innovative commercial/financial transactions in private practice or in-house. Experience in hydrogen, CCUS, integrated gas to power and offshore wind projects is particularly favourable
strong interpersonal skills – capable of adopting a variety of styles to interact with and influence clients across the business and senior management
excellent technical legal, oral, written and communication skills
ability to manage a wide and varied workload, effectively prioritise with materiality focus, and react to changing business priorities
ability to deploy good judgment in pragmatically and effectively applying BP practices, processes and controls
well developed emotional intelligence, with sensitivity to cultural and people differences, receptive to and energised by a diverse organization, at all times seeking to maintain wellbeing within our organisation
ability to work both autonomously and as a team player in a global function
strong problem-solving skills, with the creativity to propose different options and build consensus
show integrity, courage and sound ethical judgment
Why join us?

At bp, we support our people to learn and grow in a diverse and challenging environment. We believe that our team is strengthened by diversity. We are committed to crafting an inclusive environment in which everyone is respected and treated fairly.

Diversity Statement:

At bp, we provide an excellent environment and benefits such as an open and inclusive culture, a great work-life balance, tremendous learning and development opportunities to craft your career path, life and health insurance, medical care package and many others!

Diversity sits at the heart of our company and as an equal opportunity employer, we stay true to our mission by ensuring that our place can be anyone's place. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, colour, national origin, gender and gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status or disability status.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.

Entity
Legal

Job Family Group
Legal Group

Relocation available
No

Travel Required
No

Country
United Kingdom

About BP
LEGAL
Join us and become a trusted advisor delivering legal support to the group focused on material risk, value and growth, protecting ourselves and enabling the realisation of our purpose, strategy, ambition and aims.

Together we will achieve this by:
providing professional legal advice and counsel to the entities we support
leading and co-ordinating the identification and management of legal risks
developing a highly skilled, progressive and diverse legal team
supporting the entities in the delivery of their accountabilities
living the bp code and being role models of our values and behaviours

Experience Level
Senior

Legal disclaimer
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, sex, gender, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, neurodiversity/neurocognitive functioning, veteran status or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform crucial job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodations.
About the job
About the role

Balfour Beatty has an exciting opportunity for an Energy Manager to join our talented and friendly Asset & Technology Solutions team. This role will see you supporting the implementation of Balfour Beatty's Building New Future's strategy with a specific focus on reducing energy consumption and carbon emissions. You will also provide advice and policy support to strategic business units on energy and sustainability.

**This is a flexible role, which will include working from one of our offices, travelling to various sites and some remote working. A company car will be provided**

What you'll be doing

Implement an ISO 50001 energy management system for Balfour Beatty Asset & Technology Solutions and support the wider business in implementing their own energy management systems.
Work with the supply chain to develop innovative solutions to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions.
Drive energy savings through energy audits of project sites, buildings, plant and fleet.
Play and integral role in ESOS compliance via on site audits, data analysis and developing evidence pack.
Identify relevant technologies and solutions to reduce Balfour Beatty's operational energy efficiency carbon footprint and that of our clients.
Producing reports and developing business cases for energy conservation measures and working with operating teams to implement the improvements.
Supporting procurement and property teams in the procurement of energy.
Support the rollout of energy strategies, policies and standards into the UK business management system, and update them to reflect changes in legislation.
Proactively manage customer relationships during project delivery, aid decision making and effectively manage expectations.
Leading on the Zero Harm initiatives and drive continuous improvement across SHEQ.
Develop case studies that reflect Balfour Beatty innovation and expertise to support business development and to enhance the external reputation of Balfour Beatty.

Who we're looking for

Experience of implementing ISO 50001.
Experience in managing ESOS compliance.
CIBSE accredited low carbon energy assessor or low carbon consultant, or chartered energy manager equivalent
Strong understanding of UK environmental legislation and experience of working with regulators such as the Environment Agency, BEIS and DEFRA.
Proven track record of undertaking energy audits and experience of managing high value projects.
Excellent relationship management skills and a strong ability to influence others, including an ability to work across conflicting interest groups.
Commercial awareness with knowledge of both budgetary and financial control.
Full UK driving license.
Experience in construction/infrastructure environment (desirable).
Further Education in an Engineering Discipline (desirable)
ESOS Lead assessor or ISO50001 Lead auditor (desirable)

Why work for us

Our people are our biggest asset, and we focus on recruiting, training and developing the people who can apply innovation to deliver the infrastructure of the future. We nurture these talents, offer a great benefits package in addition to a competitive base salary and continually invest in developing the skills of our people at every level.

About us

Our work inspires communities and advances society. Our commitment to sustainability looks even further. We are a leading infrastructure company working to deliver key low carbon projects such as public transport networks, renewable energy grid connections and nuclear power stations. Low carbon infrastructure is a key growth area for our business. The UK has a strong pipeline of low carbon infrastructure requirements to meet the Government's Net Zero Strategy, which has mobilised significant capital investment for low carbon wind power, energy efficient buildings, carbon capture and new nuclear capability. This is an excellent opportunity for you to join Balfour Beatty and be part of our meaningful work.

Diversity & Inclusion: At Balfour Beatty we are committed to creating a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture where everyone can be themselves and reach their full potential, not only because this is the right thing to do, but because it makes us a better business. To ensure we deliver on this commitment, we have a UK Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan which sets out the wide range of targeted, proactive, measurable steps we are taking to make this a reality. You can read our UK Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan in full at www.balfourbeatty.com/value_everyone
To help and support us with our desired commitment to create an inclusive culture we are members of WISE, enei, Business Disability Forum and Women into Construction. In 2020, we signed the Audeliss and Involve Open Letter to demonstrate our commitment to taking key long term and sustainable actions on Black Inclusion. Balfour Beatty is also a Gold Award holder in the Ministry of Defence 'Employer Recognition Scheme' and actively encourage applications from Armed Forces personnel, veterans and reservists.
As a Disability Confident Employer, we are committed to working with people who have disabilities and long-term health conditions to remove barriers for them in obtaining employment. We are also committed to offering applicants with a disability an interview if they meet the minimum requirements for the role.
Further information on Disability Confident can be found at: https://disabilityconfident.campaign.gov.uk/
About the job
We aim to create a diverse team of talented, committed individuals; and be a great place to work; where employees are supported to develop their capability in a dynamic, busy organisation whilst promoting a positive work life balance.

Employee wellbeing is high on our agenda and we strive to promote a socially friendly, welcoming work atmosphere. We are firmly of the view that a happy team is a productive team and we strive to continue to be a Great Place to Work. [In 2021 we conducted the third of our bi-annual employee engagement survey. We are extremely proud of the results, our engagement index is 75% which is an improvement of 7% from 2019.]

Flexible working is a key element for many, if not all, of our colleagues. Examples include flexible working hours and hybrid working. For this role, consideration will be given to requests to work on a part time or job share basis. Flexible working hours can also be considered.

The NSTA’s hybrid working includes an expectation for staff to spend 40% of their time in the office.

Brief overview of role
The NSTA Energy Transition Technical Data Manager is responsible for carrying out a wide range of technical data management activities relating to subsurface, production, licence, field and infrastructure data as well as leadership activities and activities with a data / digital / IT application related flavour, relating to the NSTA’s objective of assisting the Secretary of State with meeting the et zero target, and support investment in relevant activities.

Just as data supports the activities of petroleum licensees, data will support the activities of Carbon Storage (CS) licensees and others, contributing to the goal of net zero. Unlike the activities of Petroleum Licensees, the matters related to ‘energy transition’ activities are not only little understood, but are not yet fully supported by legislation and regulations, supporting process, supporting applications and hence this role will have a wide remit across the entire CS licence data lifecycle, contributing to the introduction of legislation and regulations, through defining what data needs to be retained, reported and subsequently disclosed. Contributing to the implementation of new processes and applications to support the licensees’ data related obligations and the NSTA’s objectives.

The role is part of a multi-disciplined team reporting to the NSTA’s Head of Compliance and Data Services within the Digital / Data team.

Detailed job description and key responsibilities

Key responsibilities include:
Work with the NSTA Head of Compliance and Data Services and NSTA Directorates to identify requirements to retain and report data, specifically which data and in what form and manner, and of that data what should be disclosed and when
Work with the NSTA Head of Compliance and Data Services and NSTA Policy Leads to ensure the appropriate legislation is in place
Lead the technical data management activities relating to subsurface, production, licence, storage site / complex and infrastructure data in related to ET activities
Co-ordination of data QC and loading – including well, storage site / complex and infrastructure data
Work with the Head of Data Services & Compliance to manage data reporting to the NDR and issue of reporting notices
Lead the development of reporting processes, industry guidance and supporting the development of IT applications to support the reporting and disclosure process
Liaise with industry and other stakeholders to ensure the NSTA approach is agreed, understood and contributes to the NSTA Strategy
Manage the interface between data acquired pursuant of Petroleum Licence activities and the role that ‘Petroleum Related’ data will play in fulfilling the NSTA’s objective of assisting the Secretary of State with meeting the net zero target, and support investment in relevant activities
Lead the development of compliance measurement process including process development and support and interaction with licensees
Included in all of the above are matters to do with physical samples and where relevant, matters to do with volumes of carbon dioxide stored and ongoing monitoring activities

Priorities and key challenges
The immediate priorities for the Energy Transition Technical Data Manager are as follows:
Work with key teams to establish data requirements for Energy Transition activities
Review current and emerging data regulations to ensure they are fit for purpose
Raise awareness of the data required to support the Energy Transition working with colleagues across NSTA

Specialist Skills, Qualifications, Experience, Licenses, Memberships or Language

Essential:
BSc In a technical data, engineering or geoscience related subject and/or
Significant proven experience in technical data management across typical Exploration & Production or geoscience related domains
Able to articulate the data related requirements in respect to Energy Transition activities to multiple audiences (legal, operational, policy and others)
Good understanding of petroleum licence data quality and governance and how that will translate to CS Licences
Experience writing ‘Guidance’ documentation or other instructive / technical documentation
Understanding of UK regulations relation to Information and Samples
Excellent communication skills
Excellent analytical skills
Good reporting skills
Desirable:
Understanding of service management and project management principles
Understanding of current transactional, consenting, system of record and data reporting applications in the NSTA Digital Energy Platform including the Energy Portal, the NSTA Data Centre and NDR
· Experience with requirements gathering for application development and process mapping
About the job
As part of our continued growth, ERM has an opportunity for an experienced consultant to join our Climate Change services team in Seoul, South Korea.

This role is open to consultants who will be willing to take up remote working option globally.

You can be based in any other country but will need to work with ERM Korea team and Korean clients for project delivery. We are open to candidates with a short-term Contractual arrangement. Physical Location of candidate is flexible.

What is Low Carbon Economy Transition (LCET)?

Climate change is dramatically shifting how business is done. Investors underscore the urgency, demanding that boardrooms address climate risk transparency and business resilience, at a minimum. As the transition to a low carbon economy accelerates, a breadth of stakeholders are pressing companies to raise their standards on how to reduce their impact, mitigate risks, and seize market opportunities. Low Carbon Economy Transition focus areas for Asia Pacific are:

Climate Change Advisory - helping our clients with decarbonisation strategy, physical and transitional climate change, emissions measurement and reporting.
New Energy - large scale renewable energy infrastructure, including on and off shore wind, hydrogen, solar, battery, W2E and T&D interconnectors.
Gas Transition - finding, capture, production, distribution or storage of Natural Gas, LNG and/or LPG, as natural gas or LNG is a transition fuel, as economies wean themselves off more carbon intensive fuels.
Carbon Intensive Asset Retirement - closure of industrial assets that are fuelled by fossil fuel or otherwise impacted by a transition to a low carbon economy.

Responsibilities:

Climate Change and Carbon Neutral Strategy
Evaluation of current energy mix assessment and strategic evaluation of renewable and other carbon mitigation option in corporate energy portfolio
Techno-economic feasibility of different strategic option to realize carbon neutral strategy
RE market assessment and RE 100 Strategy
Development of roadmap and implementation strategy

Requirements:

7+ years of proven management consultant with a solid experience in energy and power sector with understanding of climate change and sustainability. Degree in business, finance, economy or other relevant disciplines; Master’s or PhD is plus
Experience with energy modeling and techno-economic analysis
Experience with strategic road map development in energy sector
Strong analytical skills, ability to think strategically, analyze and synthesize diverse qualitative and quantitative data and information
Ability to communicate ideas clearly and confidently, articulate issues and recommend solutions
Proficiency with MS office suite; ability to learn others as required
Excellent verbal and written for both Korean & English language skills are essential

We are open to:

Candidates with 5-6 months’ Contract. Physical Location of candidate – Flexible
If you are a native Korean speaker and fluent in English, and have the experience of managing projects in Climate Change and Sustainability in any country, please apply with your resume.
You can be based in any other country but will need to work with ERM Korea team and Korean clients for project delivery
Candidate will need to have a valid work visa in their country of residence.
This role will initially be for a few months, but can look at conversion to permanent if the candidate is successful in delivery
Flexible with work hours to enable timely working with the ERM Korean team and Korean clients

Who We Are:

As the world’s leading sustainability consulting firm, ERM is uniquely positioned to contribute to the environment and society through the expertise and energy of our employees worldwide. Sustainability is what we do, and is at the heart of both our service offerings and how we operate our business. For our people, our vision means attracting, inspiring, developing and rewarding our people to work with the best clients and on the biggest challenges, thus creating valuable careers. We achieve our vision in a sustainable manner by maintaining and living our ERM values that include Accountability, Caring for our People, Client Focus, Collaboration, Empowerment, and Transparency.

Please submit your resume and brief cover letter.

ERM does not accept recruiting agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, ERM employees or any other company location. ERM is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

ERM is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status or disability status.

Thank you for your interest in ERM.
About the job
What makes us different
The Useful Simple Trust (UST) is a highly renowned group of professional design and consultancy practices, driving change through our four brands: Expedition Engineering, Useful Projects, Useful Studio and Thomas Matthews.

The company has 80+ talented and committed civil and structural engineers, architects, construction innovation consultants, strategists, designers and sustainability experts who work side-by-side creating positive outcomes for our changing environment following our key company values: Work for Good, More with Less, Restore and Adapt and Get, Set, Zero. As a Social Enterprise, B-Corp™ and Employee Benefit Organisation, we do things differently. Our people are highly motivated and committed, in part because our structure and values mean that our combined success is shared equitably. We share part of our profit and re-invest the rest in research, social and environmental projects. We deliver purposeful projects that we believe have a sustainable impact on our clients and the wider human environment. We are particularly focused on the sector’s biggest challenges around productivity, resource efficiency and the climate emergency / net zero.

Expedition Engineering is an award-winning engineering consultancy and has a rapidly growing pipeline of work offering innovation consulting in the infrastructure and construction sector – with a client list including HS2, Network Rail, National Highways, Environment Agency, UK water companies, several major contractors and Innovate UK - and we are looking to expand our team. We work as an innovation partner to our clients, advising on efficiency and process improvements, solving challenges with novel designs, partnering with supply chains to deliver innovations at scale, and guiding the efficient delivery of innovations in practice.
We use a range of idea generation and project delivery techniques, recognising the importance of neurodiversity in both creating and evaluating ideas. Our in-house team includes experts with backgrounds in sustainability, structural and civil engineering, environmental engineering, construction, process improvement, Lean, digital technology and practical innovation delivery. We also work collaboratively with a network of academics and practitioners to augment our skill set.
Our key workstreams in innovation include:
• Delivering a transformative low carbon programme with a major infrastructure client. Roll out of common elements of design.
• Accelerating industrialised bridge construction, as exemplified through our innovative AVA pedestrian bridge.
• Delivering a game changing productivity strategy for a major programme of capital works.
• Developing new methods of delivering and scaling innovations after pilot stage.
• Unlocking industrialised construction for a major construction programme in the energy sector.

What we are looking for
We are looking for a Senior Energy Specialist to join our team. Your role will be in supporting the development of energy infrastructure strategies for new developments and estate renewal. In addition, you will support the sustainability team in the development of sustainability strategies which encompass objectives across social, environmental and economic goals.
The successful candidate will have relevant experience in energy consulting, mechanical or electrical engineering and be chartered or working towards this. We are interested in hearing from people who have specialist expertise in designing energy infrastructure for smart cities, technical building services experience and detailed knowledge of low carbon heating solutions and renewables.
As an employee benefit trust, we offer mentoring support to accelerate learning and opportunities for advancement. We are really proud of our growth and development and this reflects in our workforce as the acceleration of development of our people gives us the best tools to provide our services to our clients.

Attributes
Professional qualifications and core knowledge
• Preferably MEng/MSc in mechanical/electrical engineering or similar (BEng/BSc a minimum requirement).
• Chartered Engineer (CEng) or working towards chartership and member of CIBSE, EI, IMechE, IET or similar.
• Core knowledge of mechanical or electrical services, energy technology/systems and design/delivery of MEP strategies across RIBA Stages.
• Proficient in energy and carbon modelling using SAP, PHPP and IES (or other dynamic simulation).
• Experience in implementing energy and building services solutions for residential-led schemes at building and site levels.
• Technical experience or knowledge of delivering wider masterplan solutions including heat networks, thermal storage and low to zero carbon technologies (including heat pumps, CHP, PV).
• An interest in developing smart cities strategies, including large scale renewable installations, communal batteries and associated electrical infrastructure.
• Experience carrying out energy audits of existing buildings and advising on energy efficiency measures.
• A wider interest in environmental and social sustainability themes, such as embodied carbon, circular economy and green infrastructure.
• Knowledge and experience in applying the latest policies and guidance relating to sustainable development.

Consultancy skills
• Experience in preparing Sustainability and Energy Statements for planning.
• Experience in undertaking feasibility studies, reviewing different options against whole life carbon and cost criteria.
• Experience of working in multi-disciplinary design teams.
• Ability to communicate clearly to clients, engineers and architects.
• Strong analytical and research skills.
• Excellent report writing skills.
•Delivery of high-quality technical advice, client reports, technical publications, presentations and training materials.
• Excellent project management, financial management, and organisational skills.
• Take a thoughtful approach to their work and embrace creative approaches to delivery.
• Experience in understanding opportunities in relation to sustainable development.
• Participate in wider industry groups to share knowledge and enhance outcomes.

What we offer
We believe in investing and growing our people as much as we do our business. We foster talent, equal opportunity, diversity, inclusion, and wellbeing to develop a high performing and sustainable workforce.
The package comprises:
• Flexible working including 9-day fortnight scheme
• Bupa Private medical insurance
• Annual Eyecare Scheme
• Workplace Health Assured & WeCare 24/7 EAP access
• Life Assurance
• Company pension scheme
• Cycle to work scheme
About the job
Role title: Technical Consultant (Energy)
Office location: Ashby or Blackpool (Flexible)
Employment type: Fulltime
Salary: £45,000-£60,000 per annum + Car Allowance


About the role

As a Technical Consultant within Optimised, you are responsible for providing technical feasibility studies for specific energy efficiency projects, decarbonisation projects or change management programmes and building financial business cases to prove return on investment, payback and general project viability.
You will work in conjunction with the Consulting team to develop innovative insight and tangible energy management programmes across multiple sectors within the Consulting Services at Optimised.
You must be passionate about energy management and sustainability and be able to drive energy consumption, cost and carbon savings through Optimised portfolio of clients.


What you’ll actually do

Undertake energy efficiency audits in commercial facilities (manufacturing, public sector, CRE, hospitality, retail) to identify key energy consumers and how the assets can be optimised or upgraded to generate energy savings for the client
Understand clients’ current operating procedures and energy trend profiles through review of energy and performance data
Undertake energy data analysis including detailed trend and exception analysis of high frequency data to achieve best practice and eliminate energy waste
Build investment grade business cases for the energy efficiency projects in preparation for implementation
Develop written technical reports with ROI calculations in terms of cost, consumption and carbon
Support the delivery of net zero strategy and develop bespoke solutions across multiple sites to support decarbonisation of scope 1 & scope 2 emission source
Advise and support the business on energy generation and infrastructure solutions including heat pumps, solar PV, BESS, CHP, and other applicable technologies
Communicate with multiple stakeholders including, directors, clients, and delivery teams both internally and externally to advise best practise for energy management
Communicate and manage third party contractors effectively
Ensure tasks are prioritised and delegated based on company requirements and deadlines
Support on the technical specification for client tenders, bids, and quotations
Keep skills up to date with skills and developments in the role/expertise.
Convey real passion and belief in the business and support the drive to a net zero world.
Provide a contribution to continuous collaboration and innovation.
Support managers in the provision of Health, Safety and Wellbeing in the workplace.
Ensure you act as a role model, work collaboratively, act professionally and enhance positive morale and well-being at internal/external events.


What you’ll need

Electrical, Mechanical or Engineering qualification to a degree level or equivalent
At least 3-5 years of professional experience performing energy audits and/or delivering energy efficiency improvements in a variety of commercial sectors
Low Carbon Consultant and/ or ESOS Lead Assessor (desirable)
Membership of Professional Institute and continual CPD (desirable)
Technical understanding of Electrical, Mechanical and Utility Infrastructure
Commercial awareness of UK Government energy policy and incentives
Ability to develop accurate assessments and reports to a high standard
Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Office products, particularly Excel
Project Management Skills with excellent communication, numerical skills and attention to detail
Ability to manage internal and external expectations professionally
Willingness to travel throughout the UK on a regular basis – must hold a valid UK driving license
Eligibility to work in the UK


About you

Proactive attitude that brings drive, energy and passion to the role
Flexible, positive and committed team member, who works to high standards
Promotes a culture of inclusivity
Self-motivated and able to operate with a high degree of autonomy or part of a team
Passionate about social or environmental issues with a mission-driven mindset
Demonstrate our core values: Customer Intimate, Own The Outcome, Do The Right Thing, Innovate and Teamwork.


About us

Optimised deliver quantifiable business outcomes to commercial businesses through a comprehensive suite of energy, renewables and sustainability services and technologies while driving a net zero carbon agenda.
With a combined team of highly trained analysts, engineers, technologists and professionals, the Group operates from six office locations including Ashby, Blackpool, Bristol, Dumfries, Gloucester, and Sittingbourne providing national coverage. As a team, we’re easy going and take great pride in our work. From sales and marketing to engineering, we’re all striving to support sustainability.
Optimised is a pending certified B Corp, which means it has met rigorous standards of social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency and we strive to run a professional, inclusive and transparent environment with like-minded people.


What is it like to work with us:

We strongly believe that our success depends on its culture and recognise that it’s our people who are our greatest asset. We ensure our employees have the opportunity to work in a unique environment that is fun and down-to-earth, while having the support to perform to the best of their ability. We make sure we celebrate our milestones and get together once a year as a company to collaborate and have fun.


What we offer

Company laptop
Company Mobile Phone
EV car scheme
Cycle to work scheme
Annual Railcard
Private Medical Insurance
Life Insurance & Employee Assistance Helpline and Online GP Service
Personal Pension Scheme (Up to 5% Matched)
A dedicated annual professional development allowance
25 days annual leave increasing to 28 with length of service (+ bank holidays)
Option to buy / sell up to 3 days annual leave
Enhanced Family Leave
1 day to volunteer for a charity of your choice
Bereavement Leave
Hybrid Working
Free annual Flu Jab & Eye Test
Up to one professional membership fee per year
Recommend a Friend Scheme


Interested?
If you are interested and think you can help us achieve our mission to net zero, please send your CV along with a covering letter to our careers team via careers@optimised.net

We are committed about creating an inclusive workplace that promotes diversity. We welcome applications from everyone who meets the requirements of the role regardless of race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, genetics, national origin, disability, age or any other grounds. We are committed to equal opportunity, equal treatment and respect for every individual.

We offer, and value, flexible working and we are also proud to be committed to mental health awareness and to actively support the wellbeing of our team.

If there are any adjustments you need to help you bring your best self to an interview with us please let us know.
About the job
Energy Transition Consultant - Oil & Gas Industry

Overview

We set out to build the world’s most trusted consulting firm – creating lasting impact for clients and pioneering a positive, people-first way of working. We work with everyone from FTSE 100 names to bright new start-ups, in every sector.

You’ll find us collaborating shoulder-to-shoulder with our clients, from the big picture right down to the detail: helping them define their strategy, deliver complex change, spot the right commercial opportunities, manage risk or bring their purpose and sustainability goals to life. Our clients love how we get to know what makes their businesses tick – slotting seamlessly into their teams and being proudly geeky about solving their challenges.

We have hubs in Europe, the US, Asia and Australia, and we work all around the world – from a wind farm in Wyoming to a boardroom in Berlin. Find us wherever there’s a challenge to be tackled and an impact to be made.

Baringa believe that diversity is paramount to driving creativity, innovation, and value for our clients and for our people, and creating an environment where everyone feels a sense of belonging is central to our culture.

These are the reasons people come and the reasons they stay.

What will you be doing?

You will be working at the forefront of the energy transition alongside operational excellence and business change specialists with deep industry knowledge where you will be able to deploy and then broaden your skill set and sector expertise.

Our services are in increasing demand from Oil & Gas and other natural resources companies seeking to adapt their business models in order to respond to the risks and opportunities from climate change. We are also working with the financial institutions who are investing the capital needed in the sector to enable the energy transition.

Our Resources team gives our clients an unparalleled combination of energy transition expertise and operational insight. We are proud to work with the foremost natural resources companies operating globally, associations and regulators, investors, developers, lenders and across the value chain. Led by a Senior Management Team respected within the industry, we help our clients shape, define and implement change in the energy transition.

Here Are Some Examples Of Projects We Typically Get Involved In

In support to their energy transition and decarbonisation journey, from improving operational processes and reporting to implementing organisational restructuring, our Resources business unit works across all major commodities. You will work as part of a core team delivering exciting and complex programmes for our clients whose prime business remains exploration and production, and diversifying to lower carbon operations in the wider value chain.

Energy Transition: advising our clients on new challenges and changing market conditions as well as designing and implementing systems and processes to support their transition towards lower carbon operations and projects, and overall net zero objectives
Carbon Emission Management and Reduction: helping our clients to assess their current carbon footprint and identify the opportunities and actions needed to better manage and reduce their emissions
Improving Operational Performance: helping our clients to produce more efficiently, sustainably and safely

So, what are we looking for?

The professionalism of our colleagues, partnership approach to engagement and comprehensive package has created a truly unique consultancy. We believe in genuine partnerships and create client relationships, informed by results. If you want to be part of this entrepreneurial environment and want to help make a difference to our business, your opportunity is now!

We are looking for a candidate passionate about climate change and/or the energy transition.

You will be able to navigate and dissect a company's business case and energy transition plans to address its corporate carbon footprint.

Here are few of our key requirements for the ideal candidates:

Relevant 5+ yrs. experience within the oil and gas or a similar or related industry
A deep understanding of the drivers of climate change, how they impact the energy transition and how these impact upon the operational, commercial and strategic options available to natural resources companies managing the energy transition, and decarbonisation.
Awareness of essential or experience in one or more of the following: Corporate Climate Risk & Sustainability, e.g. TCFD, PRI, climate scenarios, Carbon Accounting, e.g. GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, Emissions Regulations, e.g. EU/UK ETS, SECR, ESOS, New Energies & Decarbonisation, e.g. utility-scale solar / wind, CCUS, offshore electrification, hydrogen
Front office operations experience and demonstrable experience of process improvement and operational excellence initiatives
The ability to take ownership and deliver results in client-facing environments.
Excellent communication and presentation skills and a track record of effective team working.
Project / delivery experience within a management consultancy, or an internal transformation / change function within industry
Strong analytical skills, and ability to develop innovative business solutions based on effective processes and focused on business value outcomes
Self-starter - The ability to take ownership and deliver results in challenging, client-facing environments
The ability to take ownership and deliver results in challenging, client-facing environments
Ability to work flexibly across subjects and geographies

So, what's in it for you?

Promotion is solely based on your own performance, and we give you every opportunity to progress by having four promotional reviews a year
We’re proud to put people first with wellbeing at the forefront of our culture, on example of this is that every employee receives £300 a year to put towards their well being!
In 2022 this was recognised in our #1 ranking in the UK’s Great Place To Work 'Best Workplaces for Wellbeing'.
All employees participate in the Baringa Group Profit Share Scheme, which seeks to ensure that everyone has a stake in the success of the company.
We recognise everyone needs a well-deserved break - As such we have introduced the ‘Re-charge’ benefit meaning Baringa will offer all employees an additional 2 weeks of paid leave after 5 years continuous service.
We understand everyone’s working situation is different and we are increasingly working in a more agile environment therefore in support of remote working, employees are eligible to expense up to £250 for home working equipment.
Lastly, we recognise the importance of work-life balance and we know that the ‘ideal’ balance will vary from person to person and will change at different stages of our working lives. If you require flexible working, please talk to one of our Recruiters about the flexibility you may need.
Diversity & Inclusion Baringa believe that diversity is paramount to driving creativity, innovation, and value for our clients and for our people, and creating an environment where everyone feels a sense of belonging is central to our culture. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nationality, disability, age, faith or social background. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.

We would like to actively encourage applications from those who identify with less represented and minority groups. We do not filter applications by university background and encourage those who have taken alternative educational and career paths to apply.
About the job
About us
EcoAct are an international consultancy and project developer, helping businesses and organisations to meet the demands of the Paris Agreement. As a trusted advisor and partner to our clients, we simplify the challenges associated with sustainability, remove complexity, empower individuals and teams, and deploy bespoke solutions integrated into entire value chains.
We exist to embed climate action as a global driver of commercial performance; delivering economic, social and environmental value.
About the role
Senior Energy Consultants help our clients create business value through understanding their energy footprints and then going beyond measurement, to create and implement achievable energy and carbon reduction strategies. This will include carrying out energy data analysis, energy site surveys, production of reports and project management.
Senior Energy Consultants are technically proficient, talented professionals who manage and lead project teams to help our clients address energy management challenges in a commercially sensitive manner.

Typical responsibilities and deliverables may include:
Customer Account Management; leading projects/programmes with large corporate clients to build and implement achievable energy and carbon reduction strategies;
Developing Commercial Activities with existing and new clients such as Bid writing and RFP/Tender responses;
Contributing to firm building and identifying improvements in our Energy Management Service (EMS) offerings;
Co-ordinating and working with the client’s suppliers and partners; identifying potential energy cost savings and coordinating the investigation and resolution of energy wastage with the client’s stakeholders;
Performance Reporting, including providing expert advice surrounding the outputs;
Tracking of energy efficiency projects/programmes, including ESOS;
Supporting key stakeholders (ranging from C-suite to on-site staff), with specialist advice, including quantitative and qualitative targets;
Creation of consistent measurement and verification protocols, tailored to the specific needs of the Ownership and development of process documentation, e.g. energy audit templates and ways of working;

Relationships
Reporting to the Energy Efficiency Principal Consultant, the Senior Energy Consultant will work closely with all members of the team, both advisory and commercial, to achieve company objectives. External relationships are a key part of the role, with a requirement to liaise with project teams, clients, overseas offices, and representatives from partner organisations.


Knowledge/ Skills/ Attitudes
The ideal candidate will have significant experience within energy management. This role requires a wide variety of capabilities.

Technical:
Detailed knowledge of issues surrounding climate change, energy management, greenhouse gas emissions and sustainability, likely gained through a degree in a related subject or with relevant industry experience;
Understanding of legislative requirements, including ESOS, Mandatory GHG Reporting, MCPD, EU / UK ETS and a familiarity with ISO 14001 and 50001;
Experience of desk-based review of energy data and delivering building energy audits;
Knowledge and experience in using energy management software;
Ability to produce high quality written reports technical and non-technical audiences;
Excellent data handling skills and advanced knowledge of Excel.


Professional:
Strong commercial skills and comfort with supporting the delivery and management of large business deals with FTSE 100 clients, including the ability to coordinate responses to proposals, sell and deliver to new and existing clients.
Significant experience of working in a consultative manner to understand client needs and guide them to a solution, preferably demonstrated through client consulting engagements in the private sector;
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with an ability to produce well-presented, error-free results;
Experience of developing intellectual and commercial assets within the company, with a focus on continuous improvement;
Excellent organisational skills, with the ability to manage complex project deliveries, on time and within budget across multiple simultaneous client engagements;
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to speak and present information with confidence in front of an audience, lead and influence client workshops and represent EcoAct at industry events;

Location
The role can be based anywhere across the UK. Some travel into the London office will be required plus regular travel to client sites during busy auditing periods.

Salary and Benefits
EcoAct know how important it is to look after our colleagues. This role offers a competitive salary and benefits package includes a performance-based annual bonus, flexible pension allowance, private medical insurance, life insurance, professional subscriptions, personal carbon offsetting, as well a great working environment.

EcoAct offers a great opportunity for your personal development and career advancement. Working with our dedicated team, you will continue to develop your skills and expertise, starting with our in-depth induction programme, ongoing technical training and an extensive range of learning and development opportunities.

Company Culture
Company culture is of great importance to us and is something that every member of EcoAct helps to create. Our colleague led initiative, which represents the three pillars of colleagues, community and environment, runs numerous activities including, “Veggie lunches”, volunteering and fund-raising opportunities, wellbeing activities, plastic reduction and energy saving initiatives, social events and sports teams.

Employee well-being is a key priority for us and we recognise the importance of work-life balance and how EcoAct can be supportive of individual needs. If working from home, working part-time or flexible start and finish times will help with this, please let us know as part of your application.
About the job
➢ Are you eager to work for an exciting and meaningful project?
➢ When it comes to hydrogen, are you convinced of its importance for the energy transition?
➢ Do you want to join an international team with human and environmental values?

Founded in 2017, Lhyfe designs, builds, and operates facilities to produce green and renewable hydrogen.
What is special about the hydrogen Lhyfe produces? Our production process does not bring out CO2, but it does produce oxygen. And oxygen means life!

As the first producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen we are shaping our future by making a positive impact to the environment. At Lhyfe, we are convinced that we need to change things now!
We work daily to ensure that the production of our hydrogen has a positive impact on the environment but also on the territories.

Do you want to be a part of this social and environmental project? Join us!
We are currently looking for our future « Energy Portfolio Manager », located in Newcastle, UK. The person must be willing to travel around the UK but also to the headquarters of Lhyfe in France (Nantes).
Starting date: as soon as possible



Your mission:
Along with our Country Manager UK & Ireland, your main mission is to manage and purchase the UK businesses portfolio of renewable electricity at the best possible contract to supply to our Hydrogen Production plants:

Main tasks and responsibilities:
Negotiate PPA contracts and purchase short term needs on the daily markets
Participate on balancing programs initiated by the TSO, to secure extra incoming streams
Energy portfolio management
Optimize the portfolio by monitoring and forecasting the power price/market activities
Assess the risks of portfolio management and optimize hedging strategies
Ensure that trade activities and pricing are in line with the contractual conditions
Create, develop, execute, and implement sourcing strategies
Design and implement Energy management strategy in collaboration with the group
Demonstrate a strong understanding of fundamental renewable market conditions and drivers
Develop and maintain market research tools, and conduct regular market analysis
Build and develop business relationships with Renewable energy producers and strategic offtakers.

Joining Lhyfe means:
· Being part of a bold, supportive & motivated international team sharing the same mindset
· Join a project where innovation is at the heart of the activity
· Evolve through international projects and career opportunities within a growing company
· Diverse range of projects, space for participation and opportunities to contribute your ideas
· Strong autonomy and a direct impact on the strategy and international growth of Lhyfe

Skills and requirements:
Graduated in Economics or equivalent studies, you have at least 7 years of work experience within electricity procuring/trading.

Your assets to succeed in this position:
Experience in power purchase agreements, retail electricity procurement and/or wholesale power markets, energy subsidy mechanisms
Consistently excellent performance in Analytics or trading having contributed to business growth
Very strong numerical, logical reasoning and analytical skills
Think and act entrepreneurially, understand cost-consciousness and business relationships
Reliability

To know:
"Team spirit is fundamental for integration into this collective project. Above all, we are looking for someone with a strong capacity to adapt, who is curious and pro-active. Someone who is convinced of the impact that our project can have on the world of tomorrow, and who will be able to invest in this human adventure, with the desire to commit to the company's development.” Matthieu Guesné CEO.
About the job
The Role

The Emerging Technology Lab is a part of Honda R&D Europe (UK) Ltd.

The team conducts projects in the connectivity and Electrification domain to investigate technologies to potentially roll out to global Honda. The successful candidate will be part of a dynamic team which will work on future technologies in making the vehicle a more integrated member of the wider ecosystem.

The candidate is mainly expected to carry out research and collect large amounts of data. This will then be used to support others in creating models to identify opportunities that lay in areas focused on Distributed Energy Resources, (DERs) such as Electric Vehicles (EV) and Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS). You will bring to the team good knowledge related to Smart Grid and how the electricity power systems operate in the UK and mainland Europe. You will also need to have a solid understanding of the issues and opportunities that arise from the shift towards renewable sources of power and electrification of heat and transport within a Smart Grid System.

The ability to build relationships with suppliers is a key requirement, ensuring quality and agreed timelines are met. The candidate will be working within an extended Global Honda team in Sales and overseas R&D offices. Strong communication skills are essential for building working relationships within and outside of the Company. Awareness of, and a passion for the latest technology is a requirement, allowing research to be conducted and adding value to the EU technical direction.

Main Responsibilities

Responsible for work packages relating to the Energy domain technology and modelling of electrical assets.
Support with creating software models with suppliers as PoCs using simulation methods to assess technical relationship of different electrical assets (Electric vehicles, stationary storage, wind, solar etc).
Relationship building with suppliers where larger models will be developed by suppliers and technically supported by yourself. RFI, RFQ for investigation projects.
Interacting with the wider team comprising of other domains such as App development, Data technology, AI, behavioural science, and automotive connectivity.
Researching the wider technical situation and actively proposing projects/ PoCs and activities to management (bottom-up approach).

Required

Qualifications, Skills & Experience

Knowledge and experience of smart grids and energy technologies.
Knowledge in Mathematical modelling.
Computer literacy – The ability to run a variety of tools and software.
Knowledge of Matlab/ Simulink/ Python (any one or more).
Presentation and reporting skills to give regular updates of progress to management (who might not be domain experts).
An excellent communicator, able to build good relationships across multiple complex teams and with outsourced partners.
The role may require occasional travel overseas.

Desirable

Knowledge of energy markets and trading.
Knowledge of Machine learning and AI technologies.

At Honda we embrace inclusion in our various policies, so whilst our contracts state that the hours are as required to fulfil the role with a minimum of 37 hours per week, we offer flexibility for when you work.

Whilst there is no contractual right to work from home, the flexibility we offer is that you can request to work from home for a maximum of 50% of the working days in any one month, again providing there is no business requirement to attend the office.

Honda is dedicated to the principle of creating equal opportunities within the workplace for all associates, agency workers, contractors, job applicants and visitors.

Central to this is Honda's commitment to be a fair, discrimination free company that accepts the uniqueness and differences of people around the world and adheres to the principle that all people are created equal and we embrace inclusion with our various policies.

This commitment comes directly from the Honda Philosophy and belief that we all work together for a common purpose. Honda recruits, hires, trains and promotes into all levels the most qualified/experienced individuals without regard to race, colour, origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability or any other protected characteristic.
About the job
Company Description

Hours: 8:00am - 6:00pm, Monday - Saturday

Hello, we're UW

We’re a bunch of great people working together, solving problems and having fun. Together, we strive to find solutions to help the great people around us get on with the things that really matter in life.

How? It’s simple, we take the headache out of essential home services by providing them all in one place – energy, broadband, mobile, and even insurance. That’s one provider, one account, one bill, and lots of savings.

We’re a truly unique FTSE 250 company with a business model that has real social impact at the heart of it. Being a part of the UW community you’ll join a working environment like no other - one where everyone matters - be it our customers, our partners or you, our people.

About The Role

Energy is at the heart of our customer proposition at Utility Warehouse and we aim to deliver an excellent service to each and every one of our members. To help us achieve this, our operations team support and problem solve for our customers, ensuring they have accurate bills each month and ensuring the efficiency of our back office processes.

What You'll Do
Assisting with ad hoc admin, Projects, and Reporting
Work exceptions in line with KPI’s and SLA’s
Second line support for the call center teams
Supporting the Energy Operations department in general
Working with third parties to resolve queries
Liaising with customers to explain and take ownership of complex/technical issues
Taking ownership of High-Level Complaints and Escalations
Understanding the internal infrastructure and the systems
Supporting and identifying requirements for knowledge transfer between departments and individuals
Maintaining a good working relationship with other departments

About You
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
A positive and proactive outlook
Strong analytical skills and eye for detail
Ability to complete tasks efficiently and within deadlines
Willingness to take ownership and find solutions
Extremely focussed
Energy experience would be an advantage but not essential

What’s It In For You

Join a high growth FTSE 250 business and help us deliver our growth ambitions whilst learning and having fun. Become part of a fantastic business culture where people really are at the heart of everything we do.
Huge opportunities for exposure & development as we scale up.
Competitive salary including share options
25 days holiday plus Bank Holidays
Life Insurance up to 4 x your salary
Discounted healthcare & medical cash plans
A free virtual GP service
Private pension scheme
Share options and Save As You Earn Scheme
A range of Health & Wellbeing benefits including a confidential Employee Assistance Programme, virtual fitness classes and wellness tools
Discounted UW services (30% mobile & broadband, 10% energy & insurance)
A UW cashback card - earning you cashback on all your spending!

Apply here !

If you think this is the role for you and want to be part of UW’s extraordinary growth, apply now.

Additional information

We provide equal opportunities, a diverse and inclusive work environment, and fairness for everyone. You are welcome to apply no matter your age, disability, gender, marriage or civil partnership status, pregnancy and maternity status, race, religion or belief, or sexual orientation.

Please note, if you are applying for a role which involves having access to personal data, you will be subject to a background check. Where checks are unsatisfactory or incomplete and/or a failure to reveal information relating to convictions that you are required to identify as part of the background checks, could lead to withdrawal of an offer of employment.

Additional Information

We provide equal opportunities, a diverse and inclusive work environment, and fairness for everyone. You are welcome to apply no matter your age, disability, gender, marriage or civil partnership status, pregnancy and maternity status, race, religion or belief, or sexual orientation.

Please note, if you are applying for a role which involves having access to personal data, you will be subject to a background check. Where checks are unsatisfactory or incomplete and/or a failure to reveal information relating to convictions that you are required to identify as part of the background checks, could lead to withdrawal of an offer of employment.
About the job
The Role

At the Royal British Legion, we believe in building on potential. At its heart, RBL is a people organisation. People who want to do the very best for others, while at the same time making the most of the opportunities and experiences we offer them.


We are the country’s largest Armed Forces charity, with 210,000 members, 50,000 volunteers and a network of partners and charities; helping us give support wherever and whenever it’s needed.


As our Energy Manager, you will plan, monitor, and analyse RBL’s use of energy and utilities, including electricity, gas, and water. Across a complex technical landscape, the aim will be to improve efficiency, by evaluating current energy usage and activity. Collaboration with operational colleagues is key, to provide technical and practical advice/training, relating to energy efficiency and emission reduction.


Your role will positively impact the RBL directorate activities and their budgets, the development of an Energy Strategy and supporting policies will provide organisation wide direction, identifying a programme of action. You have opportunity to develop and implement a programme of behaviour change, where appropriate to realise a reduction in energy use and emissions, delivering promotional activities and materials to publicise activity.

If successful, some of the key focuses of your role will be:

Keep up to date with relevant legislation, SECR, ESOS, MEES, Government and Industry initiatives and available grants

Develop a high-level Energy strategy, supporting policies, and implementing projects to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions across RBL

Explore and encourage the use of renewable and sustainable energy resources, act as the primary contact for utility providers, create new policies and systems for buying utilities and contract negotiations. Working with our retained energy brokers

Maintain an Estate-wide energy consumption and cost database across all assets

Regularly report utility consumption, costs, and emissions data to support legal requirements and our current reporting methods (ESOS, SECR etc.), take a lead on internal monitoring and targeting for continuous improvement.


About the Royal British Legion

Across the country, in every city and on every street, RBL is there to support our Armed Forces community.
It's this mission, this scale, this challenge, and the values we all live by, that makes the RBL such a fulfilling place to thrive.
If you want to give your days meaning. To put your passion into a role with real impact. To support people and be supported yourself. In an inclusive team that faces every challenge together. Whatever your interests and ambitions, whatever your background, we think you’ll find a role here that works for you, with career opportunities right across the UK.


Diversity Statement
We believe that the compassion, understanding and service we show each, and every individual customer should be reflected in the way we all support, respect and include every individual who works with us.
It’s because of this that we have strived hard to create a One Legion culture that we can all feel part of and succeed in. It’s why we make sure that you have the opportunities you need to learn and develop. It’s why we’re invested in making RBL a truly inclusive place to work, where everyone can be themselves. It’s why you’re welcome, whoever you might be.
It’s why we welcome applications from people with diverse backgrounds and experiences.



How to Apply

Please click ‘Apply Online’

Closing date: 05/02/2023

If you require the job advert or job description in an alternative format, please contact 0808 802 8080.

We reserve the right to close this vacancy when we are in receipt of sufficient applications. Should you wish to apply for this post you are advised to complete and submit your application form as soon as possible.
About the job
Are you a great communicator? Are the details important to you? Do you want a healthy work/life balance and to join a company with an active social scene? Are you looking to build a career?

Gemserv are currently looking to recruit an Energy Metering Coordinator to work in our London office.

The role offers the potential to learn hands-on about the energy sector, specifically within metering as well as providing fantastic networking opportunities for those keen to develop a career in the industry.

Working at Gemserv provides a great opportunity to establish yourself in one of the most dynamic sectors and for this role we're looking for those that have already gained some experience within a regulated industry looking to take the next step.

Location
London Office (hybrid working)
Salary Range
£27,500 - £31,000 plus bonus and excellent benefits package
Employment Type
Permanent
Contract Basis
Full time (happy to consider flexible working)
Ref No
899

The Role
We are looking for a motivated and well-organised individual, to deliver exceptional service to our Clients. As an Energy Metering Coordinator within the Energy Solutions Team you will provide front line delivery to a variety of Client contracts. The successful candidate will be responsible for liaising with the clients to coordinating meetings, produce meeting documentation and manage communications with all stakeholders. The candidate will be deadline driven, with the ability to prioritise own work whilst maintaining quality at all times.

If you are an enthusiastic individual preferably with experience of working in an office environment, answering customer queries and supporting a team with administration tasks then this role will provide you with diverse experience and invaluable knowledge of the energy metering sector.

Responsibilities
The specific duties of the role will include:
Delivering contract activities within agreed Service Levels;
First line support on client helpdesks, via telephone and email, delivering exceptional service;
Scheduling meetings, booking facilities and providing full Secretariat support including:
Producing and circulating meeting documentation;
Attending industry meetings, pre-meetings and post-meetings as appropriate;
Producing accurate meeting minutes and summary of actions; and
Co-ordinating attendees;
Liaising with clients, stakeholders and industry bodies to ensure queries and actions are dealt with in a timely manner;
Preparing and presenting summary papers and basic analysis of industry data;
Managing website updates, and ensuring documentation, guidance and information published is correct;
Supporting with marketing, communications and social media ;
Participating in the accurate delivery of any Change or Audit processes; and
Proactively reviewing processes and procedures to ensure efficiency and exacting quality standards are met.

Requirements

At Gemserv, we take a flexible approach to recruitment but ideally for this role we are looking for candidates to have an interest in, or exposure to, the UK retail utilities industry, preferably electricity, gas or smart metering.

The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following skills, knowledge and experience:

Excellent planning and organisational skills, showing attention to detail and focus on quality;
Ability to deliver exceptional customer service both in person and remotely;
Willingness to support other members of the team during pressure periods;
Strong verbal and written communication skills, including fluency in verbal and written English;
Proficient in Microsoft Office suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access etc.);
Have previous experience working within administration delivery; and
Preferably experience within the GB Energy Market.
WHAT WE OFFER

25 days annual leave, plus bank holidays
Profit related Bonus (discretionary)
Reward and recognition schemes
Flexible working
Private Bupa healthcare
Life Assurance (up to 4 times annual salary)
Matched pension contributions
Season Ticket Loan
Cycle to work scheme
Buy and Sell annual leave
Reimbursement of eye test and up to £50 towards glasses or contacts
Corporate gym rates
Employee Assistance Programme
Summer and Christmas parties, along with monthly Gembar
THE COMPANY
Gemserv is an expert provider of professional services. We are purpose-driven, working across multiple sectors including energy, low carbon, the public sector and health to tackle today’s social and environmental challenges. Established in 2002, the business provides a range of consultancy and outsourcing capabilities including programme management, market design and governance. We also have extensive and award winning capabilities across cyber security, data privacy and digital transformation. We are a B Corp, IIP Gold accredited and a Financial Times Leading Management Consultancy for 2021 and 2022. Our purpose is marking things that matter work better for everyone.

The nature of what we do means we are very much a people business. The contribution every member of the team makes to our diverse range of experience, skills and personalities is valued. We invest heavily in learning and development to enable our people to develop skills and gain experience which will enhance career prospects for life. Many who started their careers with us have rapidly progressed to more senior positions.
At Gemserv no two days are the same, but we believe in a flexible approach to working which we know our employees value. We also offer an attractive package of benefits in addition to highly competitive salaries including bonus scheme, pension and healthcare, season ticket loans, discounted gym membership, Cycle to Work scheme and more.
About the job
Job title: Energy and Sustainability Manager
Location: London (hybrid)
Salary: £50,000 - £70,000

Company Overview:
Join a leading global provider of integrated facilities and corporate real estate management, operating across 30 offices in 20 countries and with revenues of over £15 billion in 2020. Now looking to scale Net Zero operations, this firm are seeking an energy and sustainability manager to join a growing London team responsible for supporting clients in validating and delivering energy, carbon and cost reductions.

Responsibilities:
Maintain a thorough understanding of corporate energy strategy, legal, statutory and technical issues which affect the client’s premises
Assist clients to measure, monitor and report on energy consumption and carbon emissions
Develop and advise on energy strategy/solutions, developing these into working projects, which meet client objectives and best practice
Identify opportunities to reduce carbon emissions within clients’ property portfolios
Calculate potential savings in terms of kWh, CO2 and cost
Deliver on these opportunities through managing installations & behavioural changes
To be able to normalise and verify savings post implementation
Assist clients to meet their increasingly challenging compliance requirements
Support wider energy management objectives, for example through energy procurement
Provide full feasibility studies of costed initiatives / projects to reduce energy usage
Project management and implementation of initiatives
Work with and support the Head of Projects, ensuring that projects are as energy efficient as is financially possible
Provide monitoring and verification through the full cycle of the project to achieve cost and energy efficient solutions
Ensure clients benefit from emerging opportunities, innovation and technology
Support clients’ wider sustainability and corporate social responsibility objectives
Keep abreast of Energy Market developments and changes, ensuring that the client comply with all Energy related Legislation
Train Energy Engineers and manage their activity, ensuring their expedient use

Profile:
Extensive working knowledge of BMS and control theory.
Extensive knowledge of the principle techniques and technologies which support the efficient use of energy.
Competency in current benchmark techniques and statistical analysis
Understand the principles behind HVAC, refrigeration and Lighting operation and system design / integration
Capable of preparing fully costed energy efficiency proposals and reports
Ability to carry out full energy surveys and feasibility studies of energy technologies

Feel free to reach out directly at: daniel.turrell@greenrecruitmentcompany.com
About the job
About The Role

Balfour Beatty has an exciting opportunity for an Energy Manager to join our talented and friendly Asset & Technology Solutions team. This role will see you supporting the implementation of Balfour Beattys Building New Future's strategy with a specific focus on reducing energy consumption and carbon emissions. You will also provide advice and policy support to strategic business units on energy and sustainability.

This is a flexible role, which will include working from one of our offices, travelling to various sites and some remote working. A company car will be provided**

What you'll be doing

Implement an ISO 50001 energy management system for Balfour Beatty Asset & Technology Solutions and support the wider business in implementing their own energy management systems.
Work with the supply chain to develop innovative solutions to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions.
Drive energy savings through energy audits of project sites, buildings, plant and fleet.
Play and integral role in ESOS compliance via on site audits, data analysis and developing evidence pack.
Identify relevant technologies and solutions to reduce Balfour Beatty's operational energy efficiency carbon footprint and that of our clients.
Producing reports and developing business cases for energy conservation measures and working with operating teams to implement the improvements.
Supporting procurement and property teams in the procurement of energy.
Support the rollout of energy strategies, policies and standards into the UK business management system, and update them to reflect changes in legislation.
Proactively manage customer relationships during project delivery, aid decision making and effectively manage expectations.
Leading on the Zero Harm initiatives and drive continuous improvement across SHEQ.
Develop case studies that reflect Balfour Beatty innovation and expertise to support business development and to enhance the external reputation of Balfour Beatty.

Who we're looking for

Experience of implementing ISO 50001.
Experience in managing ESOS compliance.
CIBSE accredited low carbon energy assessor or low carbon consultant, or chartered energy manager equivalent
Strong understanding of UK environmental legislation and experience of working with regulators such as the Environment Agency, BEIS and DEFRA.
Proven track record of undertaking energy audits and experience of managing high value projects.
Excellent relationship management skills and a strong ability to influence others, including an ability to work across conflicting interest groups.
Commercial awareness with knowledge of both budgetary and financial control.
Full UK driving license.
Experience in construction/infrastructure environment (desirable).
Further Education in an Engineering Discipline (desirable)
ESOS Lead assessor or ISO50001 Lead auditor (desirable)

Why work for us

Our people are our biggest asset, and we focus on recruiting, training and developing the people who can apply innovation to deliver the infrastructure of the future. We nurture these talents, offer a great benefits package in addition to a competitive base salary and continually invest in developing the skills of our people at every level.

About Us

Our work inspires communities and advances society. Our commitment to sustainability looks even further. We are a leading infrastructure company working to deliver key low carbon projects such as public transport networks, renewable energy grid connections and nuclear power stations. Low carbon infrastructure is a key growth area for our business. The UK has a strong pipeline of low carbon infrastructure requirements to meet the Government's Net Zero Strategy, which has mobilised significant capital investment for low carbon wind power, energy efficient buildings, carbon capture and new nuclear capability. This is an excellent opportunity for you to join Balfour Beatty and be part of our meaningful work.

Diversity & Inclusion: At Balfour Beatty we are committed to creating a diverse workforce and an inclusive culture where everyone can be themselves and reach their full potential, not only because this is the right thing to do, but because it makes us a better business. To ensure we deliver on this commitment, we have a UK Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan which sets out the wide range of targeted, proactive, measurable steps we are taking to make this a reality. You can read our UK Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan in full at www.balfourbeatty.com/value_everyone

To help and support us with our desired commitment to create an inclusive culture we are members of WISE, enei, Business Disability Forum and Women into Construction. In 2020, we signed the Audeliss and Involve Open Letter to demonstrate our commitment to taking key long term and sustainable actions on Black Inclusion. Balfour Beatty is also a Gold Award holder in the Ministry of Defence 'Employer Recognition Scheme' and actively encourage applications from Armed Forces personnel, veterans and reservists.

As a Disability Confident Employer, we are committed to working with people who have disabilities and long-term health conditions to remove barriers for them in obtaining employment. We are also committed to offering applicants with a disability an interview if they meet the minimum requirements for the role.

Further information on Disability Confident can be found at: https://disabilityconfident.campaign.gov.uk/

Apply Now
